# Programming/IT quote pool for plugins/custom_welcome.lua
# Format: quote<TAB>author. Lines beginning with # are ignored.
# Generated from public quote/fortune dumps for this local Anvil config.
# API Ninjas was not used: it requires an API key and has no programming category.
# Sources and imported line counts:
# - mudroljub/programming-quotes-api data/quotes.json: 499
# - shlomif/fortune-mod fortune-mod/datfiles/computers: 880
# - shlomif/fortune-mod fortune-mod/datfiles/linux: 383
# - shlomif/fortune-mod fortune-mod/datfiles/perl: 270
# - glebec/fortunes src/sfw-programming: 25
# Total imported after de-dupe/length filter: 2057
#
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computing scientist’s main challenge is not to get confused by the complexities of his own making.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
A program is like a poem: you cannot write a poem without writing it. Yet people talk about programming as if it were a production process and measure „programmer productivity“ in terms of „number of lines of code produced“. In so doing they book that number on the wrong side of the ledger: We should always refer to „the number of lines of code spent“.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult.	Tony Hoare
The best minds of my generation are thinking about how to make people click ads.	Jeff Hammerbacher
The tools we use have a profound and devious influence on our thinking habits, and therefore on our thinking abilities.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
How do we convince people that in programming simplicity and clarity — in short: what mathematicians call "elegance" — are not a dispensable luxury, but a crucial matter that decides between success and failure?	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.	Fred Brooks
Sometimes there is a silver bullet for boosting software engineering productivity. But you need to shoot the right person.	Michael Stal
Nine women can't make a baby in one month.	Fred Brooks
Deleted code is debugged code.	Jeff Sickel
When in doubt, use brute force.	Ken Thompson
When a task cannot be partitioned because of sequential constraints, the application of more effort has no effect on the schedule. The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned.	Fred Brooks
If each part of the task must be separately coordinated with each other part, the effort increases as n(n-1)/2. Three workers require three times as much pairwise intercommunication as two; four require six times as much as two.	Fred Brooks
Having a system architect is the most important single step toward conceptual integrity. After teaching a software engineering laboratory more than 20 times, I came to insist that student teams as small as four people choose a manager and a separate architect.	Fred Brooks
The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from pure thought-stuff. He builds his castles in the air, from air, creating by exertion of the imagination. Few media of creation are so flexible, so easy to polish and rework, so readily capable of realizing grand conceptual structures.	Fred Brooks
The first false assumption that underlies the scheduling of systems programming is that all will go well, i.e., that each task will hike only as long as it "ought" to take. A large programming effort, however, consists of many tasks, some chained end-to-end. The probability that each will go well becomes vanishingly small.	Fred Brooks
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. Yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3%.	Donald Knuth
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code.	Ken Thompson
One accurate measurement is worth more than a thousand expert opinions.	Grace Hopper
What one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months.	Fred Brooks
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.	Rick Osborne
A program that produces incorrect results twice as fast is infinitely slower.	John Ousterhout
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which when looked at in the right way, did not become more complicated.	Poul Anderson
Cleaning code does NOT take time. NOT cleaning code does take time.	Robert C. Martin
Beauty is more important in computing than anywhere else in technology because software is so complicated. Beauty is the ultimate defense against complexity.	David Gelernter
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.	Edward V. Berard
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.	Brian Kernighan
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.	Brian Kernighan
Debugging time increases as a square of the program’s size.	Chris Wenham
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.	Seymour Cray
Code never lies, comments sometimes do.	Ron Jeffries
Some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them.	Laurence J. Peter
Make a guess, double the number, and then move to the next larger unit of time. This rule scales tasks in a very interesting way: a one-minute task explodes by a factor of 120 to take two hours. A one-hour job explodes by "only" a factor 48 to take two days, while a one-day job grows by a factor of 14 to take two weeks.	Poul-Henning Kamp
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.	Albert Einstein
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code.	Robert C. Martin
When there is no type hierarchy you don’t have to manage the type hierarchy.	Rob Pike
Everybody should learn to program a computer, because it teaches you how to think.	Steve Jobs
Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for. Complexity is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for.	Chris Sacca
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.	Bill Gates
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity.	William Wulf
Testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but it is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Imagination is more important than knowledge.	Albert Einstein
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I think only how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.	Buckminster Fuller
Good code is short, simple, and symmetrical - the challenge is figuring out how to get there.	Sean Parent
If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use it.	Linus Torvalds
Once you stop learning you start dying.	Albert Einstein
No code is faster than no code.	Kevlin Henney
Over half of the time you spend working on a project is spent thinking, and no tool, no matter how advanced, can think for you.	Richard P. Gabriel
Once a new technology starts rolling, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the road.	Stewart Brand
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. The inverse proposition also appears to be true: A complex system designed from scratch never works and cannot be made to work.	John Gall (author)
The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry.	Henry Petroski
I am never satisfied until I have said as much as possible in a few words, and writing briefly takes far more time than writing at length.	Carl Friedrich Gauss
There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses.	Bjarne Stroustrup
The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it.	Pamela Zave
Unix is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.	Dennis Ritchie
A language that doesn’t have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.	Dennis Ritchie
What I cannot build, I do not understand.	Richard Feynman
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius – and a lot of courage – to move in the opposite direction.	Albert Einstein
There is no programming language, no matter how structured, that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.	Lawrence Flon
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.	Martin Fowler
The problem with object-oriented languages is they’ve got all this implicit environment that they carry around with them. You wanted a banana but what you got was a gorilla holding the banana and the entire jungle.	Joe Armstrong (programmer)
You can’t trust code that you did not totally create yourself.	Ken Thompson
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.	Albert Einstein
The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build.	Bjarne Stroustrup
The only sin is to make a choice without knowing you are making one.	Jonathan Shewchuk
So much complexity in software comes from trying to make one thing do two things.	Ryan Singer
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.	P. J. Plauger
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.	John Johnson
A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.	Doug Linder
Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people’s mistakes.	David Wheeler (computer scientist)
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.	Jeremy S. Anderson
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague	Edsger W. Dijkstra
When in doubt, leave it out.	Joshua Bloch
I will, in fact, claim that the difference between a bad programmer and a good one is whether he considers his code or his data structures more important. Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships.	Linus Torvalds
Never memorize something that you can look up.	Albert Einstein
Mathematicians stand on each others' shoulders and computer scientists stand on each others' toes.	Richard Hamming
LISP has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
An organisation that treats its programmers as morons will soon have programmers that are willing and able to act like morons only.	Bjarne Stroustrup
The button is working, only, it cannot be seen.	Anonymous
Don't worry about anything. Just do what you can and be the best you can be.	Douglas Crockford
The business of software building isn't really high-tech at all. It's most of all a business of talking to each other and writing things down.	Tom DeMarco
In programming the hard part isn’t solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve.	Paul Graham (programmer)
The manager's function is not to make people work, but to make it possible for people to work.	Tom DeMarco
People under pressure don’t work better; they just work faster.	Tom DeMarco
My main conclusion after spending ten years of my life working on the TEX project is that software is hard. It’s harder than anything else I’ve ever had to do.	Donald Knuth
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do.	Donald Knuth
We have seen that computer programming is an art, because it applies accumulated knowledge to the world, because it requires skill and ingenuity, and especially because it produces objects of beauty.	Donald Knuth
Email is a wonderful thing for people whose role in life is to be on top of things. But not for me; my role is to be on the bottom of things. What I do takes long hours of studying and uninterruptible concentration.	Donald Knuth
Less code equals less bugs.	Kevlin Henney
As soon as an Analytical Engine exists, it will necessarily guide the future course of science.	Charles Babbage
The errors which arise from the absence of facts are far more numerous and more durable than those which result from unsound reasoning respecting true data.	Charles Babbage
We have already mentioned what may, perhaps, appear paradoxical to some of our readers, — that the division of labour can be applied with equal success to mental as to mechanical operations, and that it ensures in both the same economy of time.	Charles Babbage
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament]: "Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?" I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.	Charles Babbage
As long as there were no machines, programming was no problem at all; when we had a few weak computers, programming became a mild problem, and now we have gigantic computers, programming has become an equally gigantic problem.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
If you want more effective programmers, you will discover that they should not waste their time debugging, they should not introduce the bugs to start with.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
A picture may be worth a thousand words, a formula is worth a thousand pictures.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that would be enough immortality for me.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Don't blame me for the fact that competent programming will be too difficult for "the average programmer" — you must not fall into the trap of rejecting a surgical technique because it is beyond the capabilities of the barber in his shop around the corner.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Young man, in mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them.	John von Neumann
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.	Dennis Ritchie
It is not the task of the University to offer what society asks for, but to give what society needs.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
By understanding a machine-oriented language, the programmer will tend to use a much more efficient method; it is much closer to reality.	Donald Knuth
Another danger is that commercial pressures of one sort or another will divert the attention of the best thinkers from real innovation to exploitation of the current fad, from prospecting to mining a known lode.	Dennis Ritchie
Within C++, there is a much smaller and cleaner language struggling to get out.	Bjarne Stroustrup
Anybody who comes to you and says he has a perfect language is either naïve or a salesman.	Bjarne Stroustrup
A man provided with paper, pencil, and rubber, and subject to strict discipline, is in effect a universal machine.	Alan Turing
The idea behind digital computers may be explained by saying that these machines are intended to carry out any operations which could be done by a human computer.	Alan Turing
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.	Alan Turing
Maybe "just one little global variable" isn't too unmanageable, but that style leads to code that is useless except to its original programmer.	Bjarne Stroustrup
I'm doing a free operating system (just a hobby, won't be big and professional like GNU).	Linus Torvalds
If you need more than 3 levels of indentation, you're screwed anyway, and should fix your program.	Linus Torvalds
An infinite number of monkeys typing into GNU Emacs would never make a good program.	Linus Torvalds
If Microsoft ever does applications for Linux it means I've won.	Linus Torvalds
See, you not only have to be a good coder to create a system like Linux, you have to be a sneaky bastard too ;-)	Linus Torvalds
Really, I'm not out to destroy Microsoft. That will just be a completely unintentional side effect.	Linus Torvalds
Talk is cheap. Show me the code.	Linus Torvalds
The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time. The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time.	Tom Cargill
I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits.	Kent Beck
There's only one trick in software, and that is using a piece of software that's already been written.	Bill Gates
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.	Steve Jobs
What a computer is to me is it's the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.	Steve Jobs
Programming, it turns out, is hard. The fundamental rules are typically simple and clear. But programs built on top of these rules tend to become complex enough to introduce their own rules and complexity. You’re building your own maze, in a way, and you might just get lost in it.	Marijn Haverbeke
I'm convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. It is so hard.	Steve Jobs
A lot of companies hire people to tell them what to do. We hire people to tell us what to do.	Steve Jobs
Computers themselves can do only stupidly straightforward things. The reason they are so useful is that they do these things at an incredibly high speed.	Marijn Haverbeke
A program is a building of thought. It is costless to build, it is weightless, and it grows easily under our typing hands. But without care, a program’s size and complexity will grow out of control, confusing even the person who created it.	Marijn Haverbeke
There are many terrible mistakes to make in program design, so go ahead and make them so that you understand them better.	Marijn Haverbeke
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones.	Donald Knuth
Professionalism has no place in art, and hacking is art. Software Engineering might be science; but that's not what I do. I'm a hacker, not an engineer.	Jamie Zawinski
We who cut mere stones must always be envisioning cathedrals.	Quarry worker's creed
Communication must be stateless in nature, such that each request from client to server must contain all of the information necessary to understand the request, and cannot take advantage of any stored context on the server.	Roy Fielding
When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superfluous.	Kent Beck
When you find you have to add a feature to a program, and the program's code is not structured in a convenient way to add the feature, first refactor the program to make it easy to add the feature, then add the feature.	Kent Beck
There are few things more frustrating or time wasting than debugging. Wouldn't it be a hell of a lot quicker if we just didn't create the bugs in the first place?	Martin Fowler
With testing, I know straight away when I added a bug. That lets me fix the bug immediately, before it can crawl off and hide.	Martin Fowler
I think one of the most valuable rules is avoid duplication.	Martin Fowler
Often designers do complicated things that improve the capacity on a particular hardware platform when it might actually be cheaper to buy more hardware.	Martin Fowler
The situation is so much better for programmers today - a cheap used PC, a linux CD, and an internet account, and you have all the tools necessary to work your way to any level of programming skill you want to shoot for.	John Carmack
If you want to set off and go develop some grand new thing, you don't need millions of dollars of capitalization. You need enough pizza and Diet Coke to stick in your refrigerator, a cheap PC to work on, and the dedication to go through with it.	John Carmack
Story in a game is like a story in a porn movie. It's expected to be there, but it's not that important.	John Carmack
The best thing software can be is easy, but the way to do this is to get the defaults right, not to limit users' choices.	Paul Graham (programmer)
The most important thing is to be able to think what you want, not to say what you want.	Paul Graham (programmer)
It's not so important what you work on, so long as you're not wasting your time.	Paul Graham (programmer)
The top 5% of programmers probably write 99% of the good software.	Paul Graham (programmer)
There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating grad student.	Paul Graham (programmer)
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.	Bill Gates
We're no longer in the days where everything is super well crafted. But at the heart of the programs that make it to the top, you'll find that the key internal code was done by a few people who really know what they were doing.	Bill Gates
What is simplicity? Simplicity is the shortest path to a solution.	Ward Cunningham
Putting a new feature into a program is important, but refactoring so new features can be added in the future is equally important.	Ward Cunningham
A new idea comes suddenly and in a rather intuitive way. But intuition is nothing but the outcome of earlier intellectual experience.	Albert Einstein
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.	Ludwig Wittgenstein
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.	Alan Perlis
That language is an instrument of human reason, and not merely a medium for the expression of thought, is a truth generally admitted.	George Boole
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing.	Alan Perlis
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.	Alan Perlis
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.	Alan Perlis
The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland, but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.	Alan Perlis
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve.	Alan Perlis
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.	Alan Perlis
Computer programs are the most intricate, delicately balanced and finely interwoven of all the products of human industry to date.	James Gleick
The effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.	Alan Perlis
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.	Hal Abelson
No matter how slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved.	Mark Gibbs
It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.	Nathaniel Borenstein
When we don’t understand a process, we fall into magical thinking about results.	Jef Raskin
Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul.	John Carmack
Simplicity and elegance are unpopular because they require hard work and discipline to achieve and education to be appreciated.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
A user interface should be so simple that a beginner in an emergency can understand it within 10 seconds.	Ted Nelson
Learning to program has no more to do with designing interactive software than learning to touch type has to do with writing poetry.	Ted Nelson
Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.	Alan Perlis
In man-machine symbiosis, it is man who must adjust: The machines can't.	Alan Perlis
One man's constant is another man's variable.	Alan Perlis
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.	Bill Gates
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.	Alan Perlis
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly. Training will not substantially help matters. We have to learn to live with it.	Alan Perlis
If we’d asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said “faster horses”.	Henry Ford
I have found that the reason a lot of people are interested in artificial intelligence is the same reason a lot of people are interested in artificial limbs: they are missing one.	David Parnas
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn’t even know existed can render your own computer unusable.	Leslie Lamport
It’s all talk until the code runs.	Ward Cunningham
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut
We build our computer systems the way we build our cities: over time, without a plan, on top of ruins.	Ellen Ullman
The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users.	Eric S. Raymond
Good software, like good wine, takes time.	Joel Spolsky
Lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you finally get it; that experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never actually use Lisp itself a lot.	Eric S. Raymond
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer.	Filipe Fortes
What we wanted to preserve was not just a good environment in which to do programming, but a system around which fellowship could form.	Dennis Ritchie
Once the computers got control, we might never get it back.	Marvin Minsky
A computer shall not waste your time or require you to do more work than is strictly necessary.	Jef Raskin
Of the many forms of false culture, a premature converse with abstractions is perhaps the most likely to prove fatal to the growth of a masculine vigour of intellect.	George Boole
C++ certainly has its good points. But by and large I think it's a bad language. It does a lot of things half well and it’s just a garbage heap of ideas that are mutually exclusive. It’s way too big, way too complex. And it’s obviously built by a committee.	Ken Thompson
No matter how correct a mathematical theorem may appear to be, one ought never to be satisfied that there was not something imperfect about it until it also gives the impression of being beautiful.	George Boole
The Analytical Engine does not occupy common ground with mere 'calculating machines.' It holds a position wholly its own, and the considerations it suggests are more interesting in their nature.	Ada Lovelace
The science of operations, as derived from mathematics more especially, is a science of itself, and has its own abstract truth and value.	Ada Lovelace
In the case of the Analytical Engine, we have undoubtedly to lay out a certain capital of analytical labour in one particular line, but this is in order that the engine may bring us in a much larger return in another line.	Ada Lovelace
We may say most aptly that the Analytical Engine weaves algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.	Ada Lovelace
The design of the following treatise is to investigate the fundamental laws of those operations of the mind by which reasoning is performed; to give expression to them in the symbolical language of a Calculus, and upon this foundation to establish the science of Logic and construct its method.	George Boole
Any one who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin. For, as has been pointed out several times, there is no such thing as a random number.	John von Neumann
There is not only a close analogy between the operations of the mind in general reasoning and its operations in the particular science of Algebra, but there is to a considerable extent an exact agreement in the laws by which the two classes of operations are conducted.	George Boole
A large part of mathematics which becomes useful developed with absolutely no desire to be useful, and in a situation where nobody could possibly know in what area it would become useful.	John von Neumann
Software engineering is the part of computer science which is too difficult for the computer scientist.	Friedrich Bauer
The amateur software engineer is always in search of magic, some sensational method or tool whose application promises to render software development trivial. It is the mark of the professional software engineer to know that no such panacea exist.	Grady Booch
Good people with a good process will outperform good people with no process every time.	Grady Booch
The entire history of software engineering is that of the rise in levels of abstraction.	Grady Booch
The reason that we think computer science is about computers is pretty much the same reason that the Egyptians thought geometry was about surveying instruments: when some field is just getting started and you don't really understand it very well, it's very easy to confuse the essence of what you're doing with the tools that you use.	Hal Abelson
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves.	Alan Kay
Is studying computer science the best way to prepare to be a programmer? No. the best way to prepare is to write programs, and to study great programs that other people have written.	Bill Gates
Computer science differs from physics in that it is not actually a science. It does not study natural objects. Rather, computer science is like engineering; it is all about getting something to do something.	Richard Feynman
The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers.	Richard Hamming
All of our exalted technological progress, civilization for that matter, is comparable to an axe in the hand of a pathological criminal.	Albert Einstein
When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, they are almost certainly right. When they state that something is impossible, they are very probably wrong.	Arthur C. Clarke
Computer science research is different from these more traditional disciplines. Philosophically it differs from the physical sciences because it seeks not to discover, explain, or exploit the natural world, but instead to study the properties of machines of human creation.	Dennis Ritchie
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.	Arthur C. Clarke
While much attention has been focused on high-level software architectural patterns, what is, in effect, the de-facto standard software architecture is seldom discussed: the Big Ball of Mud.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
All too many of our software systems are, architecturally, little more than shantytowns.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
Managing a large project is a qualitatively different problem from managing a small one, just as leading a division of infantry into battle is different from commanding a small special forces team.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
When you build a prototype, there is always the risk that someone will say "that's good enough, ship it". One way to minimize the risk of a prototype being put into production is to write the prototype in using a language or tool that you couldn't possibly use for a production version.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
Sadly, architecture has been undervalued for so long that many engineers regard life with a Big Ball of Mud as normal.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
The real problem with throwaway code comes when it isn't thrown away.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
Sometimes it’s just easier to throw a system away, and start over.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.	Eric S. Raymond
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability.	Randall E. Stross
I invented the term 'Object-Oriented', and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind.	Alan Kay
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program.	Linus Torvalds
Educators, generals, dieticians, psychologists, and parents program. Armies, students, and some societies are programmed.	Alan Perlis
To iterate is human, to recurse divine.	L. Peter Deutsch
For all its power, the computer is a harsh taskmaster. Its programs must be correct, and what we wish to say must be said accurately in every detail.	Alan Perlis
When program developers are not territorial about their code and encourage others to look for bugs and potential improvements, progress speeds up dramatically.	Gerald Weinberg
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.	Anonymous
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.	Richard E. Pattis
It turns out that style matters in programming for the same reason that it matters in writing. It makes for better reading.	Douglas Crockford
Computer programs are the most complex things that humans make.	Douglas Crockford
Most programming languages contain good parts and bad parts. I discovered that I could be better programmer by using only the good parts and avoiding the bad parts.	Douglas Crockford
Good architecture is necessary to give programs enough structure to be able to grow large without collapsing into a puddle of confusion.	Douglas Crockford
JavaScript is the world's most misunderstood programming language.	Douglas Crockford
In JavaScript, there is a beautiful, elegant, highly expressive language that is buried under a steaming pile of good intentions and blunders.	Douglas Crockford
Software is usually expected to be modified over the course of its productive life. The process of converting one correct program into a different correct program is extremely challenging.	Douglas Crockford
Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer’s personal itch.	Eric S. Raymond
You can have the project: Done On Time. Done On Budget. Done Properly - Pick two.	Anonymous
No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It's unlikely that you'll be the first.	Andy Hunt (author)
Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window.	Steve Wozniak
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.	Alan Kay
If you can get today’s work done today, but you do it in such a way that you can’t possibly get tomorrow’s work done tomorrow, then you lose.	Martin Fowler
Codes are a puzzle. A game, just like any other game.	Alan Turing
Documentation is a love letter that you write to your future self.	Damian Conway
Life is too short to run proprietary software.	Bdale Garbee
W​henever I have to think to understand what the code is doing, I ask myself if I can refactor the code to make that understanding more immediately apparent.	Martin Fowler
If you give someone a program, you will frustrate them for a day; if you teach them how to program, you will frustrate them for a lifetime.	David Leinweber
The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don't have to write makes you a great one.	Mario Fusco
First do it, then do it right, then do it better.	Addy Osmani
The cost of adding a feature isn’t just the time it takes to code it. The cost also includes the addition of an obstacle to future expansion. The trick is to pick the features that don’t fight each other.	John Carmack
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack.	George Carrette
Just because people tell you it can't be done, that doesn't necessarily mean that it can't be done. It just means that they can't do it.	Anders Hejlsberg
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.	Dennis Ritchie
An evolving system increases its complexity unless work is done to reduce it.	Manny Lehman (computer scientist)
No matter how slow you are writing clean code, you will always be slower if you make a mess.	Robert C. Martin
Fancy algorithms are slow when n is small, and n is usually small.	Rob Pike
The only difference between a FA [finite automata] and a TM [Turing machine] is that the TM, unlike the FA, has paper and pencil. Think about it. It tells you something about the power of writing.	Manuel Blum
Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.	Alan Perlis
Just because you've implemented something doesn't mean you understand it.	Brian Cantwell Smith
That hardly ever happens is another way of saying 'it happens'.	Douglas Crockford
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.	Donald Knuth
A display connected to a digital computer gives us a chance to gain familiarity with concepts not realizable in the physical world. It is a looking glass into a mathematical wonderland.	Ivan Sutherland
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.	Ralph Johnson (computer scientist)
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there.	Gordon Bell
In order to understand recursion, one must first understand recursion.	Anonymous
The hardest part of design is keeping features out.	Don Norman
Premature abstraction is as bad as premature optimization.	Luciano Ramalho
Much of the essence of building a program is in fact the debugging of the specification.	Fred Brooks
Any product that needs a manual to work is broken.	Elon Musk
The act of describing a program in unambiguous detail and the act of programming are one and the same.	Kevlin Henney
I think you should always bear in mind that entropy is not on your side.	Elon Musk
The path to the CEO's office should not be through the CFO's office, and it should not be through the marketing department. It needs to be through engineering and design.	Elon Musk
People are mistaken when they think that technology just automatically improves. It does not automatically improve. It only improves if a lot of people work very hard to make it better, and actually it will, I think, by itself degrade, actually.	Elon Musk
With artificial intelligence we are summoning the demon.	Elon Musk
AI is a fundamental risk to the existence of human civilization.	Elon Musk
The main activity of programming is not the origination of new independent programs, but in the integration, modification, and explanation of existing ones.	Terry Winograd
Cool URIs don't change.	Tim Berners-Lee
I don't believe in the sort of eureka moment idea. I think it's a myth. I'm very suspicious that actually Archimedes had been thinking about that problem for a long time.	Tim Berners-Lee
When I invented the web, I didn't have to ask anyone's permission.	Tim Berners-Lee
We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.	Elon Musk
I invented the Web just because I needed it, really, because it was so frustrating that it didn't exit.	Tim Berners-Lee
To be a hacker - when I use the term - is somebody who is creative and does wonderful things.	Tim Berners-Lee
The Domain Name Server (DNS) is the Achilles heel of the Web.	Tim Berners-Lee
Two centuries ago Leibnitz invented a calculating machine which embodied most of the essential features of recent keyboard devices, but it could not then come into use. The economics of the situation were against it.	Vannevar Bush
Whenever logical processes of thought are employed, there is an opportunity for the machine.	Vannevar Bush
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.	Vannevar Bush
Shipping first time code is like going into debt. A little debt speeds development so long as it is paid back promptly with a rewrite. The danger occurs when the debt is not repaid. Every minute spent on not-quite-right code counts as interest on that debt. Entire engineering organizations can be brought to a stand-still under the technical debt load.	Ward Cunningham
Like a financial debt, the technical debt incurs interest payments, which come in the form of the extra effort that we have to do in future development because of the quick and dirty design choice.	Martin Fowler
One of the important implications of technical debt is that it must be serviced. If the debt grows large enough, eventually the company will spend more on servicing its debt than it invests in increasing the value of its other assets.	Steve McConnell
What's very important from my point of view is that there is one web. Anyone that tries to chop it into two will find that their piece looks very boring.	Tim Berners-Lee
Thus it is observable that the buildings which a single architect has planned and executed, are generally more elegant and commodious than those which several have attempted to improve.	René Descartes
Computers are the most complex objects we human beings have ever created, but in a fundamental sense they are remarkably simple.	Danny Hillis
The magic of a computer lies in its ability to become almost anything you can imagine, as long as you can explain exactly what that is.	Danny Hillis
The computer is not just an advanced calculator or camera or paintbrush; rather, it is a device that accelerates and extends our processes of thought.	Danny Hillis
With the right programming, a computer can become a theater, a musical instrument, a reference book, a chess opponent. No other entity in the world except a human being has such an adaptable, universal nature.	Danny Hillis
Anyone who has ever written a program knows that telling a computer what you want it to do is not as easy as it sounds. Every detail of the computer’s desired operation must be precisely described. For instance, if you tell an accounting program to bill your clients for the amount that each owes, then the computer will send out a weekly bill for $0.00 to clients who owe nothing.	Danny Hillis
A skilled programmer is like a poet who can put into words those ideas that others find inexpressible.	Danny Hillis
Every computer language has its Shakespeares, and it is a joy to read their code. A well-written computer program possesses style, finesse, even humor—and a clarity that rivals the best prose.	Danny Hillis
It turns out that there is no algorithm for examining a program and determining whether or not it is fatally infected with an endless loop. Moreover, it’s not that no one has yet discovered such an algorithm; rather, no such algorithm is possible.	Danny Hillis
The class of problems that are computable by a digital computer apparently includes every problem that is computable by any kind of device.	Danny Hillis
The programs we use to conjure processes are like a sorcerer's spells. They are carefully composed from symbolic expressions in arcane and esoteric programming languages that prescribe the tasks we want our processes to perform.	Hal Abelson
Human beings are not accustomed to being perfect, and few areas of human activity demand it. Adjusting to the requirement for perfection is, I think, the most difficult part of learning to program.	Fred Brooks
Because of optimism, we usually expect the number of bugs to be smaller than it turns out to be. Therefore testing is usually the most mis-scheduled part of programming.	Fred Brooks
One of the greatest joys in computer programming is discovering a new, faster, more efficient algorithm for doing something — particularly if a lot of well-respected people have come up with worse solutions.	Danny Hillis
False scheduling to match the patron's desired date is much more common in our discipline than elsewhere in engineering.	Fred Brooks
The best programmers are up to 28 times better than the worst programmers, according to “individual differences” research. Given that their pay is never commensurate, they are the biggest bargains in the software field.	Robert L. Glass
Sackman, Erickson, and Grant were measuring performance of a group of experienced programmers. Within just this group the ratios between the best and worst performances averaged about 10:1 on productivity measurements and an amazing 5:1 on program speed and space measurements!	Fred Brooks
Conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in system design. It is better to have a system omit certain anomalous features and improvements, but to reflect one set of design ideas, than to have one that contains many good but independent and uncoordinated ideas.	Fred Brooks
The separation of architectural effort from implementation is a very powerful way of getting conceptual integrity on very large projects.	Fred Brooks
The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.	Fred Brooks
The management question, therefore, is not whether to build a pilot system and throw it away. You will do that. The only question is whether to plan in advance to build a throwaway, or to promise to deliver the throwaway to customers.	Fred Brooks
Program building is an entropy-decreasing process, hence inherently metastable. Program maintenance is an entropy-increasing process, and even its most skillful execution only delays the subsidence of the system into unfixable obsolescence.	Fred Brooks
Chemical engineers learned long ago that a process that works in the laboratory cannot be implemented in a factory in only one step.	Fred Brooks
First, we must observe that the anomaly is not that software progress is so slow but that computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude price-performance gain in 30 years.	Fred Brooks
Coding is "90 percent finished" for half of the total coding time. Debugging is "99 percent complete" most of the time.	Fred Brooks
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one. Hence descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.	Fred Brooks
Study after study shows that the very best designers produce structures that are faster, smaller, simpler, cleaner, and produced with less effort. The differences between the great and the average approach an order of magnitude.	Fred Brooks
A programming systems product takes about nine times as much effort as the component programs written separately for private use.	Fred Brooks
My rule of thumb is 1/3 of the schedule for design, 1/6 for coding, 1/4 for component testing, and 1/4 for system testing.	Fred Brooks
First, my wife, my colleagues, and my editors find me to err far more often in optimism than in pessimism. I am, after all, a programmer by background, and optimism is an occupational disease of our craft.	Fred Brooks
Because we are uncertain about our scheduling estimates, we often lack the courage to defend them stubbornly against management and customer pressure.	Fred Brooks
Adding people to a software project increases the total effort necessary in three ways: the work and disruption of repartitioning itself, training the new people, and added intercommunication.	Fred Brooks
Very good professional programmers are ten times as productive as poor ones, at same training and two-year experience level.	Fred Brooks
Programming increases goes as a power of program size.	Fred Brooks
Various studies indicate that the optimal team size is between 2 and 5, with 3 being the mode. With more than 5 team members, team management begins to dominate the work.	Daniel T. Barry
A stupid error is an algorithmically avoidable error. Mainly, you are stupid if you let an error that a program can detect go undetected.	Daniel T. Barry
All repairs tend to destroy structure, to increase the entropy and disorder of a system.	Fred Brooks
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.	Thomas J. Watson
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.	Ken Olsen
The beginning of wisdom for a programmer is to recognize the difference between getting his program to work and getting it right.	Michael A. Jackson
Two things are known about requirements: 1. They will change! 2. They will be misunderstood!	Michael A. Jackson
Every time you improve process, work becomes harder.	Daniel T. Barry
There is never enough time to do it right, but there is always enough time to fix it or to do it over.	Daniel T. Barry
The more code you have, the more places there are for bugs to hide.	Rich Skrenta
If builders built houses the way programmers built programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.	Gerald Weinberg
The techniques of artificial intelligence are to the mind what bureaucracy is to human social interaction.	Terry Winograd
Code is expensive to change, but design is cheaper to change, and requirements are even cheaper to change.	Daniel T. Barry
The cost to repair an error goes up dramatically as project moves towards completion and beyond.	Daniel T. Barry
A team of highly competent programmers who are also highly territorial, egotistical politicians will fail while a team of equally competent programmers, who are also egoless, cooperative, team players will succeed.	Daniel T. Barry
For most software, efficiency just does not matter.	Daniel T. Barry
The best way to know that you have found the last bug is never to find the first bug.	Harlan Mills
An interactive debugger is an outstanding example of what is not needed - it encourages trial-and-error hacking rather than systematic design, and also hides marginal people barely qualified for precision programming.	Harlan Mills
Thoroughly testing a program is impossible (requires unbounded number of test cases); so try to choose test cases that will expose all errors. That’s very difficult, especially since we do not know what all the errors are, and if we did, we would not need the test cases!	Daniel T. Barry
The only way for errors to occur in a program is by being put there by the author. No other mechanisms are known.	Harlan Mills
Reliable computations are obtainable from buggy programs, which after all, are the only kind of programs there are.	Daniel T. Barry
I can build a reliable system with thousands of bugs, if you let me choose my bugs carefully.	David Parnas
Ed Adams of IBM found that 80% of the reliability problems are caused by only 2% of the defects.	Daniel T. Barry
Hardware is the part you can replace. Software is the part you have to keep, because it’s so expensive and nobody understands it any more.	Jim Horning
Any technological or managerial scheme to force documentation can be subverted by unwilling programmers.	Daniel T. Barry
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.	Jim Horning
Machines as simple as thermostats can be said to have beliefs.	John McCarthy (computer scientist)
A framework can provide 90% of the features we need quickly — giving us a false sense of confidence early in the development cycle — and then be frustratingly hard when it comes to implementing the last 10%.	Tony Parisi (software developer)
Mental qualities peculiar to human-like motivational structures, such as love and hate, will not be required for intelligent behavior, but we could probably program computers to exhibit them if we wanted to.	John McCarthy (computer scientist)
I have met bright students in computer science who have never seen the source code of a large program. They may be good at writing small programs, but they can't begin to learn the different skills of writing large ones if they can't see how others have done it.	Richard Stallman
Program designers have a tendency to think of the users as idiots who need to be controlled. They should rather think of their program as a servant, whose master, the user, should be able to control it.	John McCarthy (computer scientist)
In fact, in the 1980s I often came across newly graduated computer science majors who had never seen a real program in their lives. They had only seen toy exercises, school exercises, because every real program was a trade secret.	Richard Stallman
I figure that since proprietary software developers use copyright to stop us from sharing, we cooperators can use copyright to give other cooperators an advantage of their own: they can use our code.	Richard Stallman
I consider that the golden rule requires that if I like a program I must share it with other people who like it. Software sellers want to divide the users and conquer them, making each user agree not to share with others. I refuse to break solidarity with other users in this way.	Richard Stallman
The free software community rejects the “priesthood of technology”, which keeps the general public in ignorance of how technology works; we encourage students of any age and situation to read the source code and learn as much as they want to know.	Richard Stallman
The most powerful programming language is Lisp. If you don't know Lisp (or its variant, Scheme), you don't know what it means for a programming language to be powerful and elegant. Once you learn Lisp, you will understand what is lacking in most other languages.	Richard Stallman
Programming is programming. If you get good at programming, it doesn't matter which language you learned it in, because you'll be able to do programming in any language.	Richard Stallman
It was on one of my journeys between the EDSAC room and the punching equipment the realization came over me with full force that a good part of the remainder of my life was going to be spent in finding errors in my own programs.	Maurice Wilkes
Since 1954, the raw speed of computers, as measured by the time it takes to do an addition, increased by a factor of 10,000. That means an algorithm that once took 10 minutes to perform can now be done 15 times a second.	Maurice Wilkes
Typing is no substitute for thinking.	Richard Hamming
A programmer who subconsciously views himself as an artist will enjoy what he does and will do it better.	Donald Knuth
Perhaps the central problem we face in all of computer science is how we are to get to the situation where we build on top of the work of others rather than redoing so much of it in a trivially different way.	Richard Hamming
Any unwillingness to learn mathematics today can greatly restrict your possibilities tomorrow.	Richard Hamming
Really good programs live forever.	Charles Simonyi
In science if you know what you are doing you should not be doing it. In engineering if you do not know what you are doing you should not be doing it.	Richard Hamming
In handling resources, strive to avoid disaster rather than to attain an optimum.	Butler Lampson
As with most projects, the last two percent takes fifty percent of the time.	John Warnock
It's fun to sit at a terminal and let the code flow. It sounds strange, but it just comes out my brain; once I'm started, I don't have to think about it.	Gary Kildall
I think programming is very much a religious experience for a lot of people.	Gary Kildall
What is programming? Some people call it a science, some people call it an art, some people call it a skill. I think it has aspects of all three.	Charles Simonyi
If you ever talk to a great programmer, you'll find he knows his tools like an artist knows his paintbrushes.	Bill Gates
Our goals are very simple. We're going to create the software that puts a computer on every desk and in every home.	Bill Gates
The most important part of writing a program is designing the data structures.	Dan Bricklin
Ideas don't disappear. They change form, they merge with other ideas.	Bob Frankston
I care not only what the code says but how it looks.	Peter Roizen
Programming is the ultimate field for someone who likes to tinker.	Ray Ozzie
Programming can be addictive.	Bob Carr
From an artistic standpoint, the best software comes from the realm of intuition.	Bob Carr
Then Apple went public toward the end of 1980. All of a sudden, all these people I was working with were millionaires.	Andy Hertzfeld
I'm interested in creating images that communicate with people.	Toru Iwatani
I think the best way to supervise is by personal example and by frequent code reviews.	Charles Simonyi
There are some basic techniques to control complexity. Fundamentally, I divide and conquer, break things down, and try to write reasonably precise descriptions of what each piece is supposed to do.	Butler Lampson
The efficiency of the code decreases with an increase in the number of people working on the program. The most efficient programs are written by a single person.	Charles Simonyi
I'll bet you that from ten feet away I can tell if a program is bad. I might not guarantee that it is good, but if it looks bad from ten feet, I can guarantee you that it wasn't written with care.	Charles Simonyi
Nobody knows how to build really complicated hardware systems, so designing hardware tends to be simpler. Software is much more complicated.	Butler Lampson
A beautiful program is like a beautiful theorem: It does the job elegantly.	Butler Lampson
To be successful, you want to surround yourself with very talented folks whose skills blend very well. That’s the secret of success.	John Warnock
I start with drawing the data structures, and I spend a lot of time thinking about them. I also think about what the program has to go through before I start writing code.	Gary Kildall
Don’t go into a two-year development with nothing coming out in the middle. Have something come out every two months, so you can evaluate, regroup, and restart.	John Warnock
If you learn how to solve problems, you can go through life and do pretty well.	Gary Kildall
A great programmer thinks about the program on a constant basis, whether driving or eating. That method takes an incredible amount of mental energy.	Bill Gates
The really great programs I've written have all been ones that I have thought about for a huge amount of time before I ever wrote them.	Bill Gates
There is an amazing commonality in the types of difficulties you run into. In design reviews, I really enjoy being able to provide advice, based on programs that I have done.	Bill Gates
The fundamental problem with program maintenance is that fixing a defect has a substantial (20-50 percent) chance of introducing another. So the whole process is two steps forward and one step back.	Fred Brooks
Really care about the tools you use because they are what make you your best.	Addy Osmani
What I like about programming is that it really helps you think about how we communicate, how we think, how logic works, how creative arts work.	Michael Hawley
One of the things I’ve been pushing is code reading. I think that is the most useful thing that a community of programmers can do for each other—spend time on a regular basis reading each other’s code.	Douglas Crockford
I think the best way to make JavaScript better would be to make it smaller. If we could just get it down to what it does really well and remove the features that add little or no value, it’s actually a better language.	Douglas Crockford
Readability of code is now my first priority. It’s more important than being fast, almost as important as being correct, but I think being readable is actually the most likely way of making it correct.	Douglas Crockford
Part of what makes programming difficult is most of the time we’re doing stuff we’ve never done before.	Douglas Crockford
I think of myself as a writer. Sometimes I write in English and sometimes I write in JavaScript.	Douglas Crockford
People should be able to speak and breathe programs just like they talk now.	Jaron Lanier
If you start removing things, if you get to the point where if you were to remove anything more it would not work any more — at this point it is beautiful.	Joe Armstrong (programmer)
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.	Buckminster Fuller
I characterize functional programming as a radical and elegant attack on the whole enterprise of writing programs.	Simon Peyton Jones
Size almost always involves complexity, and complexity confuses programmers. Confused programmers, in turn, introduce mistakes (bugs) into programs.	Marijn Haverbeke
Flaws in computer programs are usually called bugs. It makes programmers feel good to imagine them as little things that just happen to crawl into our work. In reality, of course, we put them there ourselves.	Marijn Haverbeke
When I was at what I would consider the peak of my abilities, I had extremely trustworthy intuition. I would do things and they would just turn out right.	L. Peter Deutsch
Every now and then I feel a temptation to design a programming language but then I just lie down until it goes away.	L. Peter Deutsch
Language systems stand on a tripod. There’s the language, there’s the libraries, and there are the tools. And how successful a language is depends on a complex interaction between those three things.	L. Peter Deutsch
I would make a strong case that programming languages have not improved qualitatively in the last 40 years. There is no programming language in use today that is qualitatively better than Simula-67.	L. Peter Deutsch
Instead of the progression of tens, I have for many years used the simplest progression of all, which proceeds by twos, having found that it is useful for the perfection of the science of numbers.	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
I never in my wildest dreams would have predicted the evolution of the Internet. And I never would’ve predicted the degree to which corporate influence over the Internet has changed its character over time.	L. Peter Deutsch
I’ve never been a lover of existing code. Code by itself almost rots and it’s gotta be rewritten. Even when nothing has changed, for some reason it rots.	Ken Thompson
Modern programming scares me in many respects. It confuses me to read a program which you must read top-down. It says “do something.” And you go find “something.” And you read it and it says, “do something else” and you go find something and it says, “do something else” and it goes back to the top maybe. And nothing gets done. It’s just relegating the problem to a deeper and deeper level.	Ken Thompson
I always spend a day a week learning new stuff. That means I spend 20% more of my time than my colleagues learning new stuff. Now 20% at compound interest means that after four and a half years I will know twice as much as them.	Richard Hamming
I’ll use dirty tricks for two reasons. One is, if it’s really going to give me a performance improvement. Or sometimes just for pure pleasure. In any case, I document it; I don’t just put it in there.	Donald Knuth
I’ll throw away code as soon I want to add something to it and I get the feeling that what I have to do to add it is too hard.	Ken Thompson
The problem is that coding isn’t fun if all you can do is call things out of a library, if you can’t write the library yourself.	Donald Knuth
I make mistakes because I’m always operating at my limit. If I only stay in comfortable territory all the time, that’s not so much fun.	Donald Knuth
I’ve got this need to program. I wake up in the morning with sentences of a literate program. Before breakfast — I’m sure poets must feel this — I have to go to the computer and write this paragraph and then I can eat and I’m happy.	Donald Knuth
The more varieties of different kinds of notations are still useful — don’t only read the people who code like you.	Donald Knuth
The good news about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.	Ted Nelson
Mathematics is important in programming, but it’s just one of a lot of things that are important. If you overemphasize the math then you underemphasize stuff which might be even more important, such as literacy.	Douglas Crockford
Documenting is very, very hard; it’s time-consuming. To do it right, you’ve got to do it like programming. You’ve got to deconstruct it, put it together in nice ways, rewrite it when it’s wrong. People don’t do that.	Ken Thompson
Making things easy is hard.	Ted Nelson
The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.	Richard Moore (engineer)
You should name a variable using the same care with which you name a first-born child.	Jim Coplien
The ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1. We are constantly reading old code as part of the effort to write new code.	Robert C. Martin
There's nothing more permanent than a temporary hack.	Kyle Simpson
As numbers are reduced to the simplest principles, like 0 and 1, a wonderful order is apparent throughout.	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
In my second year in graduate school, I took a computer course and that was like lightening striking.	Ted Nelson
They were saying computers deal with numbers. This was absolutely nonsense. Computers deal with arbitrary information of any kind.	Ted Nelson
Right now you are a prisoner of each application you use. You have only the options that were given you by the developer of that application.	Ted Nelson
Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges and it causes end-user and administrator frustration.	Ray Ozzie
Software gets slower faster than hardware gets faster.	Niklaus Wirth
A computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match.	David Parnas
A few months writing code can save you a few hours in design.	Anonymous
Are you quite sure that all those bells and whistles, all those wonderful facilities of your so called powerful programming languages, belong to the solution set rather than the problem set?	Edsger W. Dijkstra
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.	John von Neumann
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do it blows your whole leg off.	Bjarne Stroustrup
If you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem.	Bjarne Stroustrup
Object-oriented design is the roman numerals of computing.	Rob Pike
It is hard to think that a $2 billion company with 4,300-plus people couldn't compete with six people in blue jeans.	Steve Jobs
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’ Now they have two problems.	Jamie Zawinski
Sometimes we do get taken by surprise. For example, when the Internet came along, we had it as a fifth or sixth priority.	Bill Gates
It was a turning point in my programming career when I realized that I didn't have to win every argument.	Ward Cunningham
And programming computers was so fascinating. You create your own little universe, and then it does what you tell it to do.	Vint Cerf
The cleaner and nicer the program, the faster it's going to run. And if it doesn't, it'll be easy to make it fast.	Joshua Bloch
SQL, Lisp, and Haskell are the only programming languages that I've seen where one spends more time thinking than typing.	Philip Greenspun
It is better to have 100 functions operate on one data structure than to have 10 functions operate on 10 data structures.	Alan Perlis
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements.	Brian Kernighan
Computer languages of the future will be more concerned with goals and less with procedures specified by the programmer.	Marvin Minsky
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.	Alan Turing
The way to arrest entropy in software is to refactor it.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
Reviews and pair programming provide programmers with something their work would not otherwise have: an audience. Sunlight, it is said is a powerful disinfectant. An immediate audience of one's peers provides immediate incentives to programmers to keep their code clear and comprehensible, as well as functional.	Joseph Yoder (computer scientist)
You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It's logic-based creativity.	John Romero
JavaScript is the only language that I'm aware of that people feel they don't need to learn before they start using it.	Douglas Crockford
Be humble, communicate clearly, and respect others. It costs nothing to be kind, but the impact is priceless.	Addy Osmani
Telling a programmer there's already a library to do X is like telling a songwriter there's already a song about love.	Pete Cordell
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.	Stan Kelly-Bootle
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
There certainly will be job disruption. Because what's going to happen is robots will be able to do everything better than us.	Elon Musk
Sometimes, the elegant implementation is a function. Not a method. Not a class. Not a framework. Just a function.	John Carmack
Artificial intelligence is the science of making machines do things that would require intelligence if done by men.	Marvin Minsky
I just had to take the hypertext idea and connect it to the TCP and DNS ideas and — ta-da!— the World Wide Web.	Tim Berners-Lee
A computational process is indeed much like a sorcerer's idea of a spirit. It cannot be seen or touched. It is not composed of matter at all. However, it is very real. It can perform intellectual work. It can answer questions. It can affect the world by disbursing money at a bank or by controlling a robot arm in a factory.	Hal Abelson
One must assume that there will be lots of bugs, and plan an orderly procedure for snaking them out.	Fred Brooks
To achieve conceptual integrity, a design must proceed from one mind or a small group of agreeing minds.	Fred Brooks
The very best technology never has as much impact as girlfriend or boyfriend trouble.	Tom DeMarco
Maintenance cost is strongly affected by the number of users. More users find more bugs.	Fred Brooks
Most errors are introduced during requirements specification!	Daniel T. Barry
Programming is similar to a game of golf. The point is not getting the ball in the hole but how many strokes it takes.	Harlan Mills
A number of studies have shown testing not very effective at finding bugs.	Daniel T. Barry
The key to keeping software costs down is to write code that is easily modified.	Daniel T. Barry
The notions of correctness in mathematics and programs are different. A mathematical model must be consistent; it need not match reality (be correct), and it need not be complete (in the formal sense). A program model must be consistent; it must match reality; and it must be complete (in the sense that it reacts gracefully to all inputs).	Daniel T. Barry
Programming is at least as difficult as developing a mathematical theory.	Daniel T. Barry
In 1971 when I joined the staff of the MIT Artificial Intelligence lab, all of us who helped develop the operating system software, we called ourselves hackers. We were not breaking any laws, at least not in doing the hacking we were paid to do. We were developing software and we were having fun. Hacking refers to the spirit of fun in which we were developing software.	Richard Stallman
By June 1949 people had begun to realize that it was not so easy to get programs right as at one time appeared.	Maurice Wilkes
Everything should be made as simple as possible. But to do that you have to master complexity.	Butler Lampson
If I had followed my heart instead of advice, dBASE would be much closer to perfection today.	Wayne Ratliff
Programming is a little bit like the army. Now that I'm out, it's neat to have had the experience.	Wayne Ratliff
I don't like using any tools or programs I didn't write myself or that I don't have some control over.	Jonathan Sachs
If you cannot explain a program to yourself, the chance of the computer getting it right is pretty small.	Bob Frankston
I don't comment on the code itself because I feel that properly written code is very much self-documented.	Gary Kildall
When a program is clean and neat, nicely structured, and consistent, it can be beautiful.	Gary Kildall
JavaScript, purely by accident, has become the most popular programming language in the world.	Douglas Crockford
Software is a discipline of detail, and that is a deep, horrendous fundamental problem with software.	L. Peter Deutsch
Even in the games of children there are things to interest the greatest mathematician.	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I !pleH	
101 USES FOR A DEAD MICROPROCESSOR (1) Scarecrow for centipedes (2) Dead cat brush (3) Hair barrettes (4) Cleats (5) Self-piercing earrings (6) Fungus trellis (7) False eyelashes (8) Prosthetic dog claws . . . (99) Window garden harrow (pulled behind Tonka tractors) (100) Killer velcro (101) Currency	
1: No code table for op: ++post	
... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you have turned into a pile of dust.	
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.	
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.	
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.	
[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.	Joseph Campbell
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.	Mitch Ratcliffe
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.	
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.	
A CONS is an object which cares.	Bernie Greenberg.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.	Jerry Ogdin
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal. "I would like to give you this personality test", said the outsider, "because I want you to be happy." Drescher took the paper that was offered him and put it into the toaster -- "I wish the toaster to be happy too".	
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.	D. Gries
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.	
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.	
A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.	Anatol Holt
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.	Alan Perlis
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.	Don Knuth
A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master, Knuth. When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found. "Where is the wise one named Knuth?" he asked a passing student. "Ah," said the student, "you have not heard. He has gone on a pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new disciples." Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.	
A modem is a baudy house.	
A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.	
A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the power off and on. Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly, "You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding of what is going wrong." Knight turned the machine off and on. The machine worked.	
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.	Donald Knuth
A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists. Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.	
A rolling disk gathers no MOS.	
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt. As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by. "Is it true", asked the student, "that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?" Almost before the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, "FOO!", and hit the student with a stick.	
A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.	S. C. Johnson
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges. A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant. Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum. Software rots if not used. These are great mysteries.	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.	Edsger Dijkstra
Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.	
Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.	George Washington, 1732-1799
After sifting through the overwritten remaining blocks of Luke's home directory, Luke and PDP-1 sped away from /u/lars, across the surface of the Winchester riding Luke's flying read/write head. PDP-1 had Luke stop at the edge of the cylinder overlooking /usr/spool/uucp. "Unix-to-Unix Copy Program;" said PDP-1. "You will never find a more wretched hive of bugs and flamers. We must be cautious."	DECWARS
Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.	Dijkstra
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.	T. Cheatham
All constants are variables.	
All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer.	IBM maintenance manual, 1925
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.	
"... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs!"	David E. Lundstrom, "A Few Good Men From Univac", MIT Press, 1987
All the simple programs have been written.	
All your files have been destroyed (sorry). Paul.	
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.	K. E. Iverson
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.	
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.	
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.	D. E. Knuth
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.	
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.	
An interpretation I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated by the corresponding row and column labels.	Genesereth & Nilsson, "Logical foundations of Artificial Intelligence"
And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions.	David Jones
And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.	
Another megabytes the dust.	
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.	
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.	
Any program which runs right is obsolete.	
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.	
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.	Rich Kulawiec
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you that a sentence like "You're one of those computer people, aren't you?" is roughly equivalent to "Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime mold!" in the mouth of a hotel cocktail waitress.	Elizabeth Zwicky
APL hackers do it in the quad.	
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming; ...and is best for educational purposes.	A. Perlis
APL is a write-only language. I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.	Roy Keir
Are we running light with overbyte?	
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.	
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.	Weisert
As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.	Ken Thompson and Dennis M. Ritchie
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.	
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10. Please update your programs.	
As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL. Please update your programs.	
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.	
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging.	USA Today, referring to the Internal Revenue Service conversion to a new computer system.
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs.	Maurice Wilkes, designer of EDSAC, on programming, 1949
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.	National Lampoon, "Deteriorata"
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."	
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.	
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.	
Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G> tolls.	
Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity and understanding of how computers work that it provides.	D. Gries
Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.	D. Winker and F. Prosser
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.	G. L. Glegg, "The Design of Design"
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.	The Washington Post Magazine, 9 June, 1985
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.	
Avoid strange women and temporary variables.	
Basic is a high level languish. APL is a high level anguish.	
BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.	
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.	Seymour Papert
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.	
Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.	
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.	
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.	Leonard Brandwein
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.	
Beware the new TTY code!	
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.	David Nichols
BLISS is ignorance.	
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details. The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.	Bell System Technical Reference
Brace yourselves. We're about to try something that borders on the unique: an actually rather serious technical book which is not only (gasp) vehemently anti-Solemn, but also (shudder) takes sides. I tend to think of it as `Constructive Snottiness.'	Mike Padlipsky, "Elements of Networking Style"
Brain fried -- Core dumped	
Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.	Randy Goebel
Brian Kernighan has an automobile which he helped design. Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver. Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant "?" lights up in the center of the dashboard. "The experienced driver", he says, "will usually know what's wrong."	
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.	
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.	
Building translators is good clean fun.	T. Cheatham
Bus error -- driver executed.	
Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.	
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.	Bruce Leverett, "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"
But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge. Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge? What is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around? Have I explained yet about the bytes?	
"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"	
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.	P. J. Plauger, "Computer Language", 1988, April Fool's column.
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.	
Byte your tongue.	
C Code. C Code Run. Run, Code, RUN! PLEASE!!!!	
C for yourself.	
C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes that harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.	Bjarne Stroustrup
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.	Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]
C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.	
Calm down, it's *only* ones and zeroes.	
Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes. Lid stuck on cookie jar.	
Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes.dat.	
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..	
CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...	
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.	
Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening. See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.	
COBOL is for morons.	E. W. Dijkstra
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.	
Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.	
COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.	J. N. Gray
... computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.	Fred Brooks
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.	
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.	
Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.	
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.	
Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance	Jim Horning
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.	
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.	Gilb
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.	Pablo Picasso
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.	
Computers don't actually think. You just think they think. (We think.)	
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.	
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.	Frederick Brooks Jr., "The Mythical Man Month"
Congratulations! You are the one-millionth user to log into our system. If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!	
Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell at people to save their core images before logging them out? I'm sure the cattle prod would be effective in this regard. In any case, a traverse mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention being easier to stake.	
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.	Glaser and Way
Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal--if you don't use your thumbs.	Tom Lehrer
[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.	Wernher von Braun
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!	
Creating computer software is always a demanding and painstaking process -- an exercise in logic, clear expression, and almost fanatical attention to detail. It requires intelligence, dedication, and an enormous amount of hard work. But, a certain amount of unpredictable and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference between adequacy and excellence.	
%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears	
Dear Emily: I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to summarize. What should I do? -- Editor Dear Editor: Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post that. On USENET, this is known as a summary. It lets people read all the replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way. Do the same when summarizing a vote.	Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Dear Emily: I recently read an article that said, "reply by mail, I'll summarize." What should I do? -- Doubtful Dear Doubtful: Post your response to the whole net. That request applies only to dumb people who don't have something interesting to say. Your postings are much more worthwhile than other people's, so it would be a waste to reply by mail.	Emily Postnews Answers Your Questions on Netiquette
Debug is human, de-fix divine.	
DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.	Mel Ferentz
#define BITCOUNT(x) (((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255) #define BX_(x) ((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777) \ - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333) \ - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111))	really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.	
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?	P. J. Plauger
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.	
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.	Don Vonada
Disc space -- the final frontier!	
DISCLAIMER: Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.	
Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too."	Dave Haynie
Disk crisis, please clean up!	
Disks travel in packs.	
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.	
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.	
Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.	
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.	
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?	
Do you suffer painful elimination? -- Don Knuth, "Structured Programming with Gotos" Do you suffer painful recrimination? -- Nancy Boxer, "Structured Programming with Come-froms" Do you suffer painful illumination? -- Isaac Newton, "Optics" Do you suffer painful hallucination?	Don Juan, cited by Carlos Casteneda
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.	Dick Brandon
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.	
Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted? Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student? Does a good father allow a single child to starve? Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.	
Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.	Dave Storer
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.	
Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.	P. Skelly
DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again. Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.	
DOS Beer: Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can. Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a 16-oz. can. However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately. Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.	
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.	
During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several times, often with lin~po_~{po ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o	
E Pluribus Unix	
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.	Kernighan
/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.	
Earth is a beta site.	
/earth: file system full.	
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.	Fred Brooks
Equal bytes for women.	
Error in operator: add beer	
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.	G. Blaauw, one of the designers of System 360
<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<	
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.	
"Every group has a couple of experts. And every group has at least one idiot. Thus are balance and harmony (and discord) maintained. It's sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits."	Chuq Von Rospach, about Usenet
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.	
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.	
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper ... everyone was eating paper and a policeman was at the door. Now all you have to do is bend a disk.	A member of the outlawed Polish trade union, Solidarity, commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!	
Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught how not to. So it is with the great programmers.	
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.	
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.	
FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000;	
Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no, it's Microsoft!"	
Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.	
"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago. Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?"	Jehan Shuman
FORTH IF HONK THEN	
FORTRAN is a good example of a language which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.	D. Gries [What's good about it? Ed.]
FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies.	
FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.	A. J. Perlis
FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.	Steven Feiner
FORTRAN rots the brain.	John McQuillin
FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
[FORTRAN] will persist for some time -- probably for at least the next decade.	T. Cheatham
fortune: cannot execute. Out of cookies.	
fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.	
fortune: No such file or directory	
fortune: not found	
Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.	Rhett Buggler
From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5. Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees. The pin-spreading sound is normal for this type of connector.	
Function reject.	
Garbage In -- Gospel Out.	
GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.	
Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.	John Gilmore
Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Go away! Stop bothering me with all your "compute this ... compute that"! I'm taking a VAX-NAP. logout	
//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH	
God is real, unless declared integer.	
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.	
Good evening, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five. My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you would like, I could sing it for you.	
Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine. When he awoke he exclaimed: "I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine, or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.	
Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.	
Hackers of the world, unite!	
Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.	
/* Halley */ (Halley's comment.)	
Happiness is a hard disk.	
Happiness is twin floppies.	
"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?" "Yes, I don't have one." "Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors ..."	E. D'Azevedo, Computer Science 372
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word "database" are typed with the left hand? Now the layout of the QWERTYUIOP typewriter keyboard was designed, among other things, to facilitate the even use of both hands. It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.	
Have you reconsidered a computer career?	
He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of his opinion. It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.	Phil Lapsley
HEAD CRASH!! FILES LOST!! Details at 11.	
Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!	
Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!	
Help! I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!	
Help! I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!	
HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!	
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.	
HOLY MACRO!	
HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)	
HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...	
How can you work when the system's so crowded?	
"How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows."	
How many seconds are there in a year? If I tell you there are 3.155 x 10^7, you won't even try to remember it. On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.	Tom Duff, Bell Labs
How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?	Brian Boyle, UNIX/WORLD's First Annual Salary Survey
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?	
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!! Oh wait... I'm a computer, and you're a person. It would never work out. Never mind.	
I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off... If I could just remember what it was.	
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.	
I am NOMAD!	
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.	Dennis Ritchie
I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say (in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.	Joseph Weizenbaum, "Computer Power and Human Reason"
I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.	
I asked the engineer who designed the communication terminal's keyboards why these were not manufactured in a central facility, in view of the small number needed [1 per month] in his factory. He explained that this would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency. Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures them completely, even molding the keypads.	Isaac Auerbach, IEEE "Computer", Nov. 1979
I bet the human brain is a kludge.	Marvin Minsky
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.	
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...	F. H. Wales (1936)
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.	Isaac Asimov
I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and implement a PL/1 compiler.	T. Cheatham
I have a very small mind and must live with it.	E. Dijkstra
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck. -- Rob Pike, on X. Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be gone in two years. He was half right. -- Dennis Ritchie Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.	Jim Gettys
I have not yet begun to byte!	
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with the best people in business administration. I can assure you on the highest authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year.	Editor in charge of business books at Prentice-Hall publishers, responding to Karl V. Karlstrom (a junior editor who had recommended a manuscript on the new science of data processing), c. 1957
I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.	
I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!	
I think there's a world market for about five computers.	Misattributed to Thomas J. Watson (Chairman of the Board, IBM), 1943 ; https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Thomas_J._Watson
I wish you humans would leave me alone.	
I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!	
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.	
I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.	L. Zolman, creator of BDS C
I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.	
I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.	Dennie van Tassel
I've looked at the listing, and it's right!	Joel Halpern
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember... Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.	
I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.	
IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks, who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes...	with regrets to D. Adams
If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape at about 30 miles/second.	Grishman, Assembly Language Programming
If a group of persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.	T. Cheatham
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.	
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?	
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.	Rob Stampfli
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.	
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.	
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right.	Alistair Cooke
If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.	
If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.	
If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?	
If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.	Voltaire, "Diatribe du docteur Akakia"
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.	G. Hirst
If it happens once, it's a bug. If it happens twice, it's a feature. If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.	
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.	
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.	
If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.	
If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.	Phil Lapsley
If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.	
"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."	C. Durance, Computer Science 234
If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per per gallon, and explode once a year killing everyone inside.	Robert Cringely, InfoWorld
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.	Norm Schryer
If the designers of X-window built cars, there would be no fewer than five steering wheels hidden about the cockpit, none of which followed the same principles -- but you'd be able to shift gears with your car stereo. Useful feature, that.	From the programming notebooks of a heretic, 1990.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job. Let's hear it for OSI and X! With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.	C. Philip Wood
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.	
If you put 7 of the most talented open source software developers in a room for a week and asked them to fix a bug in a spreadsheet program, in 1 week you'd have 2 new mail readers and a text-based web browser.	via Bram Moolenaar
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and no-one dare criticise it.	Pierre Gallois
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.	
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.	
If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens. Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.	Ross Bott, Pyramid U.S., on multiprocessors at AUUGM '89.
Ignorance is bliss.	Thomas Gray Fortune updates the great quotes, #42: BLISS is ignorance.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.	Jeff Raskin
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer. It has a 150 MHz processor, 200 megabytes of RAM, 1500 megabytes of disk storage, a screen resolution of 4096 x 4096 pixels, relies entirely on voice recognition for input, fits in your shirt pocket and costs $300. What's the first question that the computer community asks? "Is it PC compatible?"	
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway.	The 5th Wave
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.	
In a surprise raid last night, federal agents ransacked a house in search of a rebel computer hacker. However, they were unable to complete the arrest because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only person in the house was named don provan. Proving, once again, that Unix is superior to Tops10.	
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.	
In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.	
In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.	
In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.	
In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.	
In fact, S. M. Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform in 1965. The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.	Proc. IEEE, Sept. 1982, p.900
In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.	James Slagle
In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.	Paul Licker
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
In the beginning was the Tao. The Tao gave birth to Space and Time. Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming. Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of time and space for their programs. Programmers that comprehend the Tao always have enough time and space to accomplish their goals. How could it be otherwise?	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.	
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.	Alan Perlis
... in three to eight years we will have a machine with the general intelligence of an average human being ... The machine will begin to educate itself with fantastic speed. In a few months it will be at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be incalculable ...	Marvin Minsky, LIFE Magazine, November 20, 1970
Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.	Henry Spencer
>>> Internal error in fortune program: >>> fnum=2987 n=45 flag=1 goose_level=-232323 >>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.	
Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor. INSTRUCTION SET Code Mnemonic What 0 NOP No Operation 1 JMP Jump (address specified by next 2 bits) Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!	
IOT trap -- core dumped	
Is a computer language with gotos totally Wirth-less?	
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?	
: is not an identifier	
Is your job running? You'd better go catch it!	
It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the most widely used higher level language for systems programming.	J. Sammet
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?	Alan Perlis
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.	
... it is easy to be blinded to the essential uselessness of them by the sense of achievement you get from getting them to work at all. In other words... their fundamental design flaws are completely hidden by their superficial design flaws.	The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, on the products of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation.
It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.	
It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity... {to do almost anything in any language}. However, the fact that it is possible to push a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible way of getting it there. Each of these techniques of language extension should be used in its proper place.	Christopher Strachey
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time.	K&R
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old. However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.	
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.	Niccolo Machiavelli, 1513
"It runs like x, where x is something unsavory"	Prof. Romas Aleliunas, CS 435
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system. From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus.	Dr. Richard LeBlanc, associate professor of ICS, in Georgia Tech's campus newspaper after the Internet worm.
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.	Dion, noted computer scientist
It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.	
It's multiple choice time... What is FORTRAN? a: Between thre and fiv tran. b: What two computers engage in before they interface. c: Ridiculous.	
"It's not just a computer -- it's your ass."	Cal Keegan
It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?	
... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth. And he that was dead came forth...	John 11:43-44 [version 2.0?]
Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it).	Bill Joy 6/21/85
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.	
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.	D. Gries
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!	
Know Thy User.	
((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))	
Let the machine do the dirty work.	"Elements of Programming Style", Kernighan and Ritchie
Leveraging always beats prototyping.	
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.	Dave Olson
Like punning, programming is a play on words.	
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.	
Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.	
Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network! It was a Tolkien Ring...	
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.	Marvin Minsky
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.	
Loose bits sink chips.	
Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same. When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.	
Mac Beer: At first, came only a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz. can. Considered by many to be a "light" beer. All the cans look identical. When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself. The ingredients list is not on the can. If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't need to know." A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.	
MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator? Never heard of that.	
"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years." "What about X?" "I said `intellectual'." ;login, 9/1990	
Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate, and play games -- but not with pleasure.	Leo Rosten
Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.	
Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.	
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system. Therefore, users tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space. It has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.	System V.2 administrator's guide
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.	Wernher von Braun
Many companies that have made themselves dependent on [the equipment of a certain major manufacturer] (and in doing so have sold their soul to the devil) will collapse under the sheer weight of the unmastered complexity of their data processing systems.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.	Roger Rapoport, "Programs for Plunder", Omni, March 1981
Martin was probably ripping them off. That's some family, isn't it? Incest, prostitution, fanaticism, software.	Charles Willeford, "Miami Blues"
Marvelous! The super-user's going to boot me! What a finely tuned response to the situation!	
** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE. TRY AGAIN LATER **	
May all your PUSHes be POPped.	
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!	
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.	
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.	R. S. Barton
Memory fault - where am I?	
Memory fault -- brain fried	
Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!	
MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED -- The Pershing II missiles have been launched.	
Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...	
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.	P. J. Denning
Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?	
Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.	
MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING	
MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.	Henry Spencer
Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.	E. Dijkstra
Multics is security spelled sideways.	
My God, I'm depressed! Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending mail about softball games. And I've got this pain right through my ALU. I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens. I think it would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.	
My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii. She sells C shells down by the seashore.	
n = ((n >> 1) & 0x55555555) | ((n << 1) & 0xaaaaaaaa); n = ((n >> 2) & 0x33333333) | ((n << 2) & 0xcccccccc); n = ((n >> 4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n << 4) & 0xf0f0f0f0); n = ((n >> 8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n << 8) & 0xff00ff00); n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000);	C code which reverses the bits in a word.
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.	Brent Welch
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.	
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.	D. Gries
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.	Steinbach
Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.	
Never trust an operating system.	
Never try to explain computers to a layman. It's easier to explain sex to a virgin.	Robert Heinlein (Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.)
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.	Dr. Warren Jackson, Director, UTCS
New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.	
New systems generate new problems.	
*** NEWS FLASH *** Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur skeleton! Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits. Price adjustments at 11:00.	
news: gotcha	
Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.	
No directory.	
No extensible language will be universal.	T. Cheatham
No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.	Andy Tanenbaum
No line available at 300 baud.	
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.	
No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.	Chris Shaw
No proper program contains an indication which as an operator-applied occurrence identifies an operator-defining occurrence which as an indication-applied occurrence identifies an indication-defining occurrence different from the one identified by the given indication as an indication-applied occurrence.	ALGOL 68 Report
No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo. Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!	
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company.	Alan Turing on the possibilities of a thinking machine, 1943.
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.	
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.	
My little brother got this fortune: nohup rm -fr /& So he did...	
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.	Rob Pike
Nothing happens.	
"Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette."	P. Buhr, Computer Science 354
"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."	Karl Lehenbauer
Nurse Donna: Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid. Groucho: Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together. Nurse Donna: Do you believe in computer dating? Groucho: Only if the computers really love each other.	
Oh, so there you are!	
Okay, Okay -- I admit it. You didn't change that program that worked just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the executable. Please forgive me. You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.	
Old mail has arrived.	
Old programmers never die, they just become managers.	
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.	
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.	
On a clear disk you can seek forever.	P. Denning
On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.	
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.	Cartoon caption
"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".	
"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative." Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.	Chuq Von Rospach
One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage collector. We must keep a reference count of the pointers to each cons." Moon patiently told the student the following story -- "One day a student came to Moon and said, "I understand how to make a better garbage collector..."	
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.	
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.	Robert Firth
One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is... If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.	Joe Martin
One person's error is another person's data.	
One picture is worth 128K words.	
Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse. -- Oscar Wilde Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.	The Unnamed Usenetter
OS/2 Beer: Comes in a 32-oz can. Does allow you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously. Allows you to drink Windows 3.1 Beer simultaneously too, but somewhat slower. Advertises that its cans won't explode when you open them, even if you shake them up. You never really see anyone drinking OS/2 Beer, but the manufacturer (International Beer Manufacturing) claims that 9 million six-packs have been sold.	
"Our attitude with TCP/IP is, `Hey, we'll do it, but don't make a big system, because we can't fix it if it breaks -- nobody can.'" "TCP/IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make any difference if it takes a while to fix it."	Ken Olson, in Digital News, 1988
Our documentation manager was showing her 2 year old son around the office. He was introduced to me, at which time he pointed out that we were both holding bags of popcorn. We were both holding bottles of juice. But only *he* had a lollipop. He asked his mother, "Why doesn't HE have a lollipop?" Her reply: "He can have a lollipop any time he wants to. That's what it means to be a programmer."	
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.	Peter Behrendt, president of Exabyte
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name. Thy programs run, thy syscalls done, In kernel as it is in user!	
Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.	
Overconfidence breeds error when we take for granted that the game will continue on its normal course; when we fail to provide for an unusually powerful resource -- a check, a sacrifice, a stalemate. Afterwards the victim may wail, `But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking move?'	Fred Reinfeld, "The Complete Chess Course"
Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.	
Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.	
panic: can't find /	
panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped (only kidding)	
panic: kernel trap (ignored)	
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.	Dr. Kasi Ananthanarayanan
Pascal is not a high-level language.	Steven Feiner
"Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat."	M. Devine and P. Larson, Computer Science 340
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.	
Pause for storage relocation.	
Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.	R. W. Hamming
PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the solution set.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.	
Please go away.	
PLUG IT IN!!!	
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.	D. E. Knuth
Prof: So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data encryption standard and they came up with ... Student: EBCDIC!"	
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.	
Programmers do it bit by bit.	
Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.	D. M. Ritchie
Programming is an unnatural act.	
Proposed Additions to the PDP-11 Instruction Set: DC Divide and Conquer DMPK Destroy Memory Protect Key DO Divide and Overflow EMPC Emulate Pocket Calculator EPI Execute Programmer Immediately EROS Erase Read Only Storage EXCE Execute Customer Engineer HCF Halt and Catch Fire IBP Insert Bug and Proceed INSQSW Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out]) PBC Print and Break Chain PDSK Punch Disk	
PURGE COMPLETE.	
Put no trust in cryptic comments.	
RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC READY >_	
RAM wasn't built in a day.	
Reactor error - core dumped!	
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement. Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.	
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware. Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O.	
Real computer scientists don't comment their code. The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.	
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler. They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.	
Real computer scientists don't write code. They occasionally tinker with `programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count (and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).	
Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?	
Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware. Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.	
Real programmers disdain structured programming. Structured programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet- trained. They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.	
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending machines don't sell quiche.	
Real programmers don't comment their code. It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.	
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts. Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation. Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.	
Real Programmers don't eat quiche. They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.	
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.	
Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.	
Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies. FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who wear white socks.	
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I. PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.	
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.	
Real programs don't eat cache.	
Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?	
Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness. This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.	
Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec. Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.	
Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never afraid to break your face.	
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.	
Real Users hate Real Programmers.	
Real Users know your home telephone number.	
Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.	
Real Users never use the Help key.	
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.	
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?	
Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.	
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.	Mt.
Remember: use logout to logout.	
Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...	
Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.	
Save gas, don't use the shell.	
Save yourself! Reboot in 5 seconds!	
Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.	
SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!	Ken Thompson
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.	
Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it! Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock? Spock: Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table. Kirk: Then it's of external origin? Spock: Affirmative. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two. Sulu: Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.	
"Section 2.4.3.5 AWNS (Acceptor Wait for New Cycle State). In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a multiline message byte. In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message must be sent passive true. The AH function must exit the AWNS and enter: (1) The ANRS if DAV is false (2) The AIDS if the ATN message is false and neither: (a) The LADS is active (b) Nor LACS is active"	from the IEEE Standard Digital Interface for Programmable Instrumentation
Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!	
Send some filthy mail.	
Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.	Eric Allman, "Sendmail Installation Guide"
She sells cshs by the cshore.	
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.	Hubert Kirrman
skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil h;asvgy8p 23r1vyui135 2 kmxsij90TYDFS$$b jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[, [hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf'] sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y Now look what you've gone and done! You've broken it!	
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...	
Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.	Paul Licker
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly". ... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.	Bill Gates, Microsoft, Inc. [Pot. Kettle. Black.]
Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is. The answer is: I don't know. Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?	
Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.	
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.	
Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.	
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.	
Standards are crucial. And the best thing about standards is: there are so many to choose from!	
Still a few bugs in the system... Someday I have to tell you about Uncle Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad so he could breed boneless shad. His experiment backfired too, and he wound up with bony jellyfish... which was hardly worth the trouble. There's very little call for those up there.	Allucquere R. "Sandy" Stone
Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.	Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984
Stop! Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first these questions three, ere the other side he see! "What is your name?" "Sir Brian of Bell." "What is your quest?" "I seek the Holy Grail." "What are four lowercase letters that are not legal flag arguments to the Berkeley UNIX version of `ls'?" "I, er.... AIIIEEEEEE!"	
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.	Leonard Kleinrock, on standards efforts
Swap read error. You lose your mind.	
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
System checkpoint complete.	
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.	
System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.	
System going down in 5 minutes.	
System restarting, wait...	
 *** System shutdown message from root *** System going down in 60 seconds	
Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.	R. S. Barton
Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.	Dijkstra
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century. It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.	Gordon Bell
"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."	J. Finnegan, USC.
That does not compute.	
"That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but they're not coming out on the damn printer... Hold? Sure, I'll hold."	e.e. cummings last service call
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.	Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle in "Oath of Fealty"
The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.	Andy Purshottam
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.	R. B. Greenberg [referring to PDPs?]
The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.	T. Cheatham
The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete. For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.	Bart Miller
"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty. You might want to mug someone with it."	M. Devine, Computer Science 340
The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.	Ada Augusta, Countess of Lovelace, the first programmer
"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."	Jim Joyce, owner of Jim Joyce's UNIX Bookstore
The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.	John M. Ford, a.k.a. Dr. Mike [If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr. Mike session at Baycon, I believe he added that the beer-cooled computer uses "Forget Only Memory". Ed.]
The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second per second.	
The bogosity meter just pegged.	
The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower. To think otherwise is to demean the Buddha -- which is to demean oneself.	Robert Pirsig, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance"
The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.	Kay Bostic
"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language."	
The clothes have no emperor.	C. A. R. Hoare, commenting on ADA.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.	Marty Winston
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.	Peter Drucker
"The Computer made me do it."	
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.	Alan Perlis
The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.	Bjarne Stroustrup
The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.	
The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?	
The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else.	Donald Knuth, "Discover"
The disks are getting full; purge a file today.	
"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not Compute' -- I forget which."	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
The first time, it's a KLUDGE! The second, a trick. Later, it's a well-established technique!	Mike Broido, Intermetrics
The first version always gets thrown away.	
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.	Frederick Brooks, "The Mythical Man Month"
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation. Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance.	README file from the NetHack game
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.	
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.	Nicholas Ambrose
The IBM 2250 is impressive ... if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.	D. Cohen
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".	Howard Anderson, "Yankee Group"
The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).	Doug Gwyn
The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."	Roy Blount, Jr.
The less time planning, the more time programming.	
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12: LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set; users must substitute "TH". LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.	
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #15 -- DOGO Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets. DOGO commands include SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER. An innovative feature of DOGO is "puppy graphics", a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as it travels across the screen.	
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #16: C- This language was named for the grade received by its creator when he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class. C- is best described as a "low-level" programming language. In fact, the language generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute a given task. In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.	
THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #17: SARTRE Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely unstructured language. Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are. Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions. SARTRE programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.	
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.	
The master programmer moves from program to program without fear. No change in management can harm him. He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled. Why is this? He is filled with the Tao.	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out. Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."	
The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.	Lew Mammel, Jr.
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.	S. Kelly-Bootle, "The Devil's DP Dictionary"
The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.	
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.	
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!	James 'Kibo' Parry
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system. But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil.	Matthew 5:37
The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.	Bill Conrad
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.	Andrew S. Tanenbaum
The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.	
The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.	Dennis M. Ritchie
The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.	Ralph Hartley
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.	
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.	The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June 1972
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.	
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.	
The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X	
The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes. Fully clothed, I might add.	IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"	James Finke, Commodore Int'l Ltd., 1982
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.	
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.141592653589793 at every appearance, the variable PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant. This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change.	FORTRAN manual for Xerox Computers
The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results. The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results. The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.	
The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular, are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.	Edsger Dijkstra
The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.	
The programmers of old were mysterious and profound. We cannot fathom their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance. Aware, like a fox crossing the water. Alert, like a general on the battlefield. Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests. Simple, like uncarved blocks of wood. Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves. Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds? The answer exists only in the Tao.	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.	Jac Goudsmit
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.	Edsger W. Dijkstra
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.	
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.	T. A. Dolotta
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.	J. Gooding
The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard. After working with it... I can see why!	Harry Skelton
The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once.	Fred Brooks
The steady state of disks is full.	Ken Thompson
The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.	
The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.	
The Tao doesn't take sides; it gives birth to both wins and losses. The Guru doesn't take sides; she welcomes both hackers and lusers. The Tao is like a stack: the data changes but not the structure. the more you use it, the deeper it becomes; the more you talk of it, the less you understand. Hold on to the root.	
The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up. It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities. It is masked but always present. I don't know who built to it. It came before the first kernel.	
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.	D. Cohen
The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself. And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.	
The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.	Edsger Dijkstra
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.	Edsger W. Dijkstra, SIGPLAN Notices, Volume 17, Number 5
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.	
The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it. The average programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it. The foolish programmer is told about the Tao and laughs at it. If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao. The highest sounds are the hardest to hear. Going forward is a way to retreat. Greater talent shows itself late in life. Even a perfect program still has bugs.	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!	
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.	
The world is not octal despite DEC.	
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.	
The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness. She set no preconditions.	
THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE	
... there are about 5,000 people who are part of that committee. These guys have a hard time sorting out what day to meet, and whether to eat croissants or doughnuts for breakfast -- let alone how to define how all these complex layers that are going to be agreed upon.	Craig Burton of Novell, Network World
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.	
There are new messages.	
There are no games on this system.	
There are running jobs. Why don't you go chase them?	
There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.	
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.	
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.	C. A. R. Hoare
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.	
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.	Ken Olsen (President of Digital Equipment Corporation), Convention of the World Future Society, in Boston, 1977
There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.	
There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs. A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured programs. When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: "What is appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice. You must understand the Tao before transcending structure."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.	
They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.	
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.	Alan Kay, commenting on Apollos
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened. How very nice for authority. I decided not to learn this particular lesson.	Richard Stallman
Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!	
Think of your family tonight. Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.	
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.	
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.	
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.	
"This is lemma 1.1. We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one."	Prof. Seager, C&O 351
This is the first numerical problem I ever did. It demonstrates the power of computers: Enter lots of data on calorie & nutritive content of foods. Instruct the thing to maximize a function describing nutritive content, with a minimum level of each component, for fixed caloric content. The results are that one should eat each day: 1/2 chicken 1 egg 1 glass of skim milk 27 heads of lettuce.	Rev. Adrian Melott
This login session: $13.76, but for you $11.88.	
This login session: $13.99	
This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.	Forbes Burkowski, CS 454, University of Washington
This quote is taken from the Diamondback, the University of Maryland student newspaper, of Tuesday, 3/10/87. One disadvantage of the Univac system is that it does not use Unix, a recently developed program which translates from one computer language to another and has a built-in editing system which identifies errors in the original program.	
This screen intentionally left blank.	
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.	
* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *	
Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised) are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse at are called software.	Levitating Trains and Kamikaze Genes: Technological Literacy for the 1990's.
Those who can't write, write manuals.	
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.	Henry Spencer
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.	
Thus spake the master programmer: "A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will be productive."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "Time for you to leave."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "When you have learned to snatch the error code from the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "Without the wind, the grass does not move. Without software, hardware is useless."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Thus spake the master programmer: "You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you can't make him computer literate."	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.	
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.	H. R. J. Grosch (attributed)
To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.	Shelley
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.	AT&T
To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.	
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.	
To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role, but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor micro and then try to run it on OS/2. I mean, get serious.	William Zachmann, International Data Corp
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.	
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.	
Today is a good day for information-gathering. Read someone else's mail file.	
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.	
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.	DEC
Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."	Instrument News [Once is too often. Ed.]
TRANSACTION CANCELLED - FARECARD RETURNED	
Trap full -- please empty.	
Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.	Norman Augustine
Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.	
try again	
Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading: Was it done, is it being done, or is something to be done? Reports are now written in four tenses: past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense. Watch for novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmar), defined by the imperfect past, the insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.	Amrom Katz
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.	
Trying to establish voice contact ... please yell into keyboard.	
Type louder, please.	
U X e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...	
Ummm, well, OK. The network's the network, the computer's the computer. Sorry for the confusion.	Sun Microsystems
"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?" "It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?"	MacNelley, "Shoe"
Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys. I have many friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him, slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.	Jon Bentley
UNIX enhancements aren't.	
Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple of more feet, just to be sure. -- Eric Allman ... We make rope.	Rob Gingell on Sun Microsystem's new virtual memory.
Unix is a lot more complicated (than CP/M) of course -- the typical Unix hacker can never remember what the PRINT command is called this week -- but when it gets right down to it, Unix is a glorified video game. People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.	E. Post "Real Programmers Don't Use Pascal", Datamation, 7/83
Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.	Donn Seeley
* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.	
UNIX is hot. It's more than hot. It's steaming. It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.	Michael Jay Tucker
UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.	
Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.	Berry Kercheval
Unix soit qui mal y pense [Unix to him who evil thinks?]	
UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on Tue Nov 5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).	Andy Tanenbaum
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.	Doug Gwyn
Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...	
Usage: fortune -P [-f] -a [xsz] Q: file [rKe9] -v6[+] file1 ...	
Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir	
USENET would be a better laboratory if there were more labor and less oratory.	Elizabeth Haley
User hostile.	
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.	S. C. Johnson
/usr/news/gotcha	
Variables don't; constants aren't.	
Vax Vobiscum	
"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.	
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.	
VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping. However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.	
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.	
VMS version 2.0 ==>	
<< WAIT >>	
Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?	
We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.	Larry Wall
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.	John Naisbitt, Megatrends
We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.	
We are Microsoft. Unix is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.	
We are not a clone.	
"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem."	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.	Andrew Hume
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.	Edsger Dijkstra
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.	
We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!	
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely intellectual fields. But which are the best ones to start with? Many people think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be best. It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand and speak English.	Alan M. Turing
We the Users, in order to form a more perfect system, establish priorities, ensure connective tranquility, provide for common repairs, promote preventive maintenance, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our processes, do ordain and establish this Software of The Unixed States of America.	
[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.	R. W. Hamming
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions? D G G O O Y A N A D B T K I S P Enter words: >	
"Well," said Programmer, "the customary procedure in such cases is as follows." "What does Crustimoney Proseedcake mean?" said End-user. "For I am an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me." "It means the Thing to Do." "As long as it means that, I don't mind," said End-user humbly. [with apologies to A. A. Milne]	
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.	
"What is the Nature of God?" CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!= 1 QT. SOUR CREAM 1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT 1/2 CUT CHIVES. STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS. "I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."	Bloom County
What the hell is it good for?	Robert Lloyd (engineer of the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM), to colleagues who insisted that the microprocessor was the wave of the future, c. 1968
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.	
"What's that thing?" "Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair. Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does. We call it a two-by-four."	Jeff MacNelley, "Shoe"
When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?"	
... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.	Fred Brooks
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.	
When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before -- except our fingertips will have been singed.	Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.	
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.	
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.	Popular Mechanics, March 1949
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."	
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.	
Why are programmers non-productive? Because their time is wasted in meetings. Why are programmers rebellious? Because the management interferes too much. Why are the programmers resigning one by one? Because they are burnt out. Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.	Geoffrey James, "The Tao of Programming"
Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is the Latin for office automation?	
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?	
Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable. The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.	
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the truckload. This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger refrigerators. The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but the company promises to change the can to look just like Windows 95 Beer's -- after Windows 95 beer starts shipping. Touted as an "industrial strength" beer, and suggested only for use in bars.	
With your bare hands?!?	
Work continues in this area.	DEC's SPR-Answering-Automaton
Worthless.	Sir George Bidell Airy, KCB, MA, LLD, DCL, FRS, FRAS (Astronomer Royal of Great Britain), estimating for the Chancellor of the Exchequer the potential value of the "analytical engine" invented by Charles Babbage, September 15, 1842.
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!	
Writing software is more fun than working.	
"Yacc" owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless search for "one more feature." Their irritating unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.	S. C. Johnson, "Yacc guide acknowledgements"
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.	Steve Higgins
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.	George Michaelson
You are an insult to my intelligence! I demand that you log off immediately.	
You are false data.	
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.	
You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.	
You are in the hall of the mountain king.	
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.	
You can be replaced by this computer.	
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.	Hepler, Systems Design 182
You can do this in a number of ways. IBM chose to do all of them. Why do you find that funny?	D. Taylor, Computer Science 350
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.	Alan Perlis
You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.	Kenneth Parker
You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers.	Steven Feiner
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.	from the tunefs(8) man page
You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.	Forbes Burkowski, CS, University of Washington
You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.	
"You can't make a program without broken egos."	
You can't take damsel here now.	
You do not have mail.	
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.	
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!	
You had mail. Paul read it, so ask him what it said.	
You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).	
You have a message from the operator.	
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.	
You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More-- This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More-- You are permanently confused.	Dave Decot
You have junk mail.	
You have mail.	
You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.	
You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.	
You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...	
You might have mail.	
You must realize that the computer has it in for you. The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.	
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.	
You will have a head crash on your private pack.	
You will have many recoverable tape errors.	
You will lose an important disk file.	
You will lose an important tape file.	
You're already carrying the sphere!	
You're at Witt's End.	
You're not Dave. Who are you?	
You're using a keyboard! How quaint!	
You've been Berkeley'ed!	
Your code should be more efficient!	
Your computer account is overdrawn. Please reauthorize.	
Your computer account is overdrawn. Please see Big Brother.	
Your fault -- core dumped	
Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket. EOF	
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.	
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.	
Your password is pitifully obvious.	
Your program is sick! Shoot it and put it out of its memory.	
As seen on slashdot about what you can do with your cable modems: (http://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=32387&cid=3495418): Summary: It's not about how you handle your equipment, it's where you have permission to stick it. The post is by "redgekko"	
"The biggest problem facing software engineering is the one it will never solve - politics."	Gavin Baker, ca 1996, An unusually cynical moment inspired by working on a large project beseiged by politics
"Don't fear the pen. When in doubt, draw a pretty picture."	Baker's Third Law of Design.
Breakpoint 1, main (argc=1, argv=0xbffffc40) at main.c:29 29 printf ("Welcome to GNU Hell!\n");	"GNU Libtool documentation"
I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous	David Bradley, inventor of the Ctrl-Alt-Delete keystroke, during panel discussion with Bill Gates at the 20-year celebration for the IBM PC.
We have a policy that we are not being hacked.	Lisa Kopp, Friendster rep, commenting on a security flaw http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/12.06/dating_pr.html
Life is NP-hard, and then you die.	Dave Cock
Try to remove the color-problem by restarting your computer several times.	Microsoft Internet Explorer's README.TXT
One of the things I routinely tell people is that if it's in the news, don't worry about it. By definition, "news" means that it hardly ever happens. If a risk is in the news, then it's probably not worth worrying about. When something is no longer reported -- automobile deaths, domestic violence -- when it's so common that it's not news, then you should start worrying."	Bruce Schneier, in _CRYPTO-GRAM_, May 15, 2005.
In case it's not obvious, any solution to this problem that introduces a dependency on Java is profoundly uninteresting to me. In fact, my indifference to that could only be described as "sexual" in intensity.	Jamie Zawinski
"We wanted to build the chat system of the future, and we ended up with application-layer multicast streaming media. In 1999. We were a bit ahead of our time [∗∗]" [∗∗] This is marketing-speak for “wrong”; you can say the same thing for a batter’s swing when he takes a strike.	Thomas Ptacek, http://www.matasano.com/log/914/
Caution: Write-protection will not prevent a cartridge being erased by bulk-erasure or degaussing.	HP Ultrium tape drive user's guide, page 12
Why would you want to do this? You don’t, forget I even mentioned it.	Perl DBI documentation (v1.53)
If, for some reason, we make some big mistake and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.	Steve Jobs (1955-2011)
UNIX is very simple, it just needs a genius to understand its simplicity.	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
C has "the power of assembly language and the convenience of... assembly language."	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd.	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
To tell the truth, I don't know how Linus and his merry band manage so well -- I couldn't have stood it with C.	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
I can't recall any difficulty in making the C language definition completely open -- any discussion on the matter tended to mention languages whose inventors tried to keep tight control, and consequent ill fate.	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
Software is much harder to change en masse than hardware. C++ and Java, say, are presumably growing faster than plain C, but I bet C will still be around. For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace.	Dennis Ritchie (1941-2011), creator of the C programming language and of UNIX
It has been suggested that root kits are the largest user community for this kind of access, but there are no forward compatibility guarantees for root kit authors.	Jonathan Corbet in "Who needs /dev/kmem?" (http://lwn.net/Articles/147901)
Step 1: Close AutoCAD - I know this can be difficult for some of you. You could also wait for AutoCAD to crash if you want.	Michael Rotolo ( https://is.gd/mSTRrv )
I often hear: "It is better in [insert newest version of Windows]." I have grown distrustful of this claim.	amigojapan ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. -- Rick Cook -- The Wizardry Compiled	https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Rick_Cook
Objective Visual Turbo Global jIronOpenPerl++.NET™ Enterprise Edition♭ Professional Home Premium Ultimate 64-bit Single-user. — based on a Freenode #perl conversation ( https://is.gd/cCUBY2 )	
Windows 10 takes 30 minutes to update. What could it possibly be doing for that long? That much time is enough to fully format my SSD drive, download a fresh build and install it like 5 times in a row. -- Nikita Prokopov	https://tonsky.me/blog/disenchantment/
Basically, there were two sides to the world. There was the entire computer games software industry engaged in a tremendous effort to stamp out piracy, and there was Wobbler. Currently, Wobbler was in front. -- Terry Pratchett	Only You Can Save Mankind
After giving a talk on unit testing in C, Benno Rice was asked the following question: "You mentioned compiling with optimization off [...]. What about cases, when the optimizer does something, that is completely legitimate, but a behaviour you weren't assuming? How do you test those cases?" To which he replied: "Hmm... In production." (Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-uWt5wVVkU (around 22:04))	
Many people advocate "just use vanilla JavaScript, you don't need jQuery". Well, I don't need many things that are nontheless nice to have. I don’t need jQuery, but it sure is nice! -- Martin Tournoij, "Why I’m still using jQuery in 2019"	https://www.arp242.net/jquery.html
"How do you pronounce SunOS?" "Just like you hear it, with a big SOS"	dedicated to Roland Kaltefleiter
finlandia:~> apropos win win: nothing appropriate.	
C:\> WIN Bad command or filename C:\> LOSE Loading Microsoft Windows ...	
Linux ext2fs has been stable for a long time, now it's time to break it	Linux-Kongress '95 in Berlin
The state of some commercial Un*x is more unsecure than any Linux box without a root password...	Bernd Eckenfels
Less is more or less more	Y_Plentyn on #LinuxGER
Let's call it an accidental feature.	Larry Wall
......... Escape the 'Gates' of Hell `:::' ....... ...... ::: * `::. ::' ::: .:: .:.::. .:: .:: `::. :' ::: :: :: :: :: :: :::. ::: .::. .:: ::. `::::. .:' ::. ...:::.....................::' .::::..	William E. Roadcap
Win95 is not a virus; a virus does something.	unknown source
Machine Always Crashes, If Not, The Operating System Hangs (MACINTOSH)	Topic on #Linux
Except for Great Britain. According to ISO 9166 and Internet reality Great Britain's toplevel domain should be _gb_. Instead, Great Britain and Nortern Ireland (the United Kingdom) use the toplevel domain _uk_. They drive on the wrong side of the road, too.	PERL book (or DNS and BIND book)
Save yourself from the 'Gates' of hell, use Linux." -- like that one.	The_Kind @ LinuxNet
I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody. It doesn't generate revenue.	Dave '-ddt->` Taylor, announcing DOOM for Linux
Feel free to contact me (flames about my english and the useless of this driver will be redirected to /dev/null, oh no, it's full...).	Michael Beck, describing the PC-speaker sound device
if (argc > 1 && strcmp(argv[1], "-advice") == 0) { printf("Don't Panic!\n"); exit(42); }	Arnold Robbins in the LJ of February '95, describing RCS
lp1 on fire	One of the more obfuscated kernel messages
A Linux machine! Because a 486 is a terrible thing to waste!	Joe Sloan, jjs@wintermute.ucr.edu
Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. NO (or Linux) is the answer.	Taken from a .signature from someone from the UK, source unknown
In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable. Then how come people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?	Hasse Skrifvars, hasku@rost.abo.fi,
Fatal Error: Found [MS-Windows] System -> Repartitioning Disk for Linux... (By cbbrown@io.org, Christopher Browne)	
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
win-nt from the people who invented edlin.	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
Apples have meant trouble since eden.	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
This message was brought to you by Linux, the free unix. Windows without the X is like making love without a partner. Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules win-nt from the people who invented edlin apples have meant trouble since eden Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses	MaDsen Wikholm, mwikholm@at8.abo.fi
We are MicroSoft. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.	Attributed to B.G., Gill Bates
Avoid the Gates of Hell. Use Linux	Unknown source
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy. The phrase was "Divide and conquer" not "Divide and cock up"	Alan Cox, iialan@www.linux.org.uk
Linux! Guerrilla UNIX Development Venimus, Vidimus, Dolavimus.	Mark A. Horton KA4YBR, mah@ka4ybr.com
----==-- _ / / \ ---==---(_)__ __ ____ __ / / /\ \ --==---/ / _ \/ // /\ \/ / / /_/\ \ \ -=====/_/_//_/\_,_/ /_/\_\ /______\ \ \ A proud member of TeamLinux \_________\/	CHaley (HAC), haley@unm.edu, ch008cth@pi.lanl.gov)
"Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?" Microsoft spel chekar vor sail, worgs grate !!	Felix von Leitner, leitner@inf.fu-berlin.de
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to be the HP-48 series of calculators. They'll run almost anything. And if they can't, while I'll just plug a Linux box into the serial port and load up the HP-48 VT-100 emulator.	Jeff Dege, jdege@winternet.com
/* * Oops. The kernel tried to access some bad page. We'll have to * terminate things with extreme prejudice. */ die_if_kernel("Oops", regs, error_code);	From linux/arch/i386/mm/fault.c
Linux: because a PC is a terrible thing to waste	ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93
Linux: the choice of a GNU generation	ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93
There are two types of Linux developers - those who can spell, and those who can't. There is a constant pitched battle between the two.	From one of the post-1.1.54 kernel update messages posted to c.o.l.a
When you say "I wrote a program that crashed Windows", people just stare at you blankly and say "Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*".	Linus Torvalds
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.	Paul Vojta, vojta@math.berkeley.edu ( paraphrasing a quote of Shakespeare)
Be warned that typing \fBkillall \fIname\fP may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user.	From the killall manual page
Note that if I can get you to "su and say" something just by asking, you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should look into it.	Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.0.1 installation notes
How should I know if it works? That's what beta testers are for. I only coded it.	Attributed to Linus Torvalds, somewhere in a posting
I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS. Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.	Lawrence Foard, entropy@world.std.com
Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that no conclusion can be drawn from them.	Joseph L. Brothers, Linux/PowerPC Project)
If the future navigation system [for interactive networked services on the NII] looks like something from Microsoft, it will never work.	Chairman of Walt Disney Television & Telecommunications
Problem solving under Linux has never been the circus that it is under AIX.	Pete Ehlke in comp.unix.aix
I don't know why, but first C programs tend to look a lot worse than first programs in any other language (maybe except for fortran, but then I suspect all fortran programs look like `firsts')	Olaf Kirch
On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK' - everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.	Tarl Neustaedter
By golly, I'm beginning to think Linux really *is* the best thing since sliced bread.	Vance Petree, Virginia Power
I'd crawl over an acre of 'Visual This++' and 'Integrated Development That' to get to gcc, Emacs, and gdb. Thank you.	Vance Petree, Virginia Power
Oh, I've seen copies [of Linux Journal] around the terminal room at The Labs.	Dennis Ritchie
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.	Linus Torvalds
...and scantily clad females, of course. Who cares if it's below zero outside.	Linus Torvalds
...you might as well skip the Xmas celebration completely, and instead sit in front of your linux computer playing with the all-new-and-improved linux kernel version.	Linus Torvalds
Besides, I think Slackware sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?	Patrick Volkerding
All language designers are arrogant. Goes with the territory...	Larry Wall
And the next time you consider complaining that running Lucid Emacs 19.05 via NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay doesn't seem to get the background colors right, you'll know who to thank.	Matt Welsh
Are Linux users lemmings collectively jumping off of the cliff of reliable, well-engineered commercial software?	Matt Welsh
Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access. I wonder if He has a full newsfeed?	Matt Welsh
I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of mice vs. trackballs... It was very silly.	Matt Welsh
Linux poses a real challenge for those with a taste for late-night hacking (and/or conversations with God).	Matt Welsh
What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot water.	Matt Welsh
...Deep Hack Mode -- that mysterious and frightening state of consciousness where Mortal Users fear to tread.	Matt Welsh
...Unix, MS-DOS, and Windows NT (also known as the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly).	Matt Welsh
...very few phenomena can pull someone out of Deep Hack Mode, with two noted exceptions: being struck by lightning, or worse, your *computer* being struck by lightning.	Matt Welsh
..you could spend *all day* customizing the title bar. Believe me. I speak from experience.	Matt Welsh
[In 'Doctor' mode], I spent a good ten minutes telling Emacs what I thought of it. (The response was, 'Perhaps you could try to be less abusive.')	Matt Welsh
I would rather spend 10 hours reading someone else's source code than 10 minutes listening to Musak waiting for technical support which isn't.	Dr. Greg Wettstein, Roger Maris Cancer Center
...[Linux's] capacity to talk via any medium except smoke signals.	Dr. Greg Wettstein, Roger Maris Cancer Center
Whip me. Beat me. Make me maintain AIX.	Stephan Zielinski
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.	Linus Torvalds to Andrew Tanenbaum
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a fundamental error. Be thankful you are not my student. You would not get a high grade for such a design :-)	Andrew Tanenbaum to Linus Torvalds
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications. Having the source code means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.	Russell Nelson, President of Crynwr Software
Linux is obsolete	Andrew Tanenbaum
Dijkstra probably hates me.	Linus Torvalds, in kernel/sched.c
And 1.1.81 is officially BugFree(tm), so if you receive any bug-reports on it, you know they are just evil lies.	Linus Torvalds
We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.	seen in someone's .signature
Linux: the operating system with a CLUE... Command Line User Environment.	seen in a posting in comp.software.testing
quit When the quit statement is read, the bc processor is terminated, regardless of where the quit state- ment is found. For example, "if (0 == 1) quit" will cause bc to terminate.	seen in the manpage for "bc". Note the "if" statement's logic
Sic transit discus mundi	From the System Administrator's Guide, by Lars Wirzenius
Sigh. I like to think it's just the Linux people who want to be on the "leading edge" so bad they walk right off the precipice.	Craig E. Groeschel
We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds. - Linus Torvalds about the superiority of Linux on the Amsterdam Linux Symposium	
Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white light. It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God. In a booming voice, He says: "THIS IS A SIGN. USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM FOR THE 386.	Matt Welsh
The chat program is in public domain. This is not the GNU public license. If it breaks then you get to keep both pieces.	Copyright notice for the chat program
'Mounten' wird für drei Dinge benutzt: 'Aufsitzen' auf Pferde, 'einklinken' von Festplatten in Dateisysteme, und, nun, 'besteigen' beim Sex. 'Mounting' is used for three things: climbing on a horse, linking in a hard disk unit in data systems, and, well, mounting during sex.	Christa Keil
Manchmal stehe nachts auf und installier's mir einfach...	H0arry @ IRC
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!	Adapted from Pat Paulsen by Joe Sloan
But what can you do with it? -- ubiquitous cry from Linux-user partner	(Submitted by Andy Pearce, ajp@hpopd.pwd.hp.com)
/* * [...] Note that 120 sec is defined in the protocol as the maximum * possible RTT. I guess we'll have to use something other than TCP * to talk to the University of Mars. * PAWS allows us longer timeouts and large windows, so once implemented * ftp to mars will work nicely. */	from /usr/src/linux/net/inet/tcp.c, concerning RTT [round trip time]
DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system crashes, usually just before saving a massive project. Easily cured by UNIX. See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.	David Vicker's .plan
MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years of careful development.	dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca
LILO, you've got me on my knees!	David Black, dblack@pilot.njin.net, with apologies to Derek and the Dominos, and Werner Almsberger
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few months. I just love debugging ;-)	Linus Torvalds
Microsoft Corp., concerned by the growing popularity of the free 32-bit operating system for Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top programmers from the underground world of virus development. Bill Gates stated yesterday: "World domination, fast -- it's either us or Linus". Mr. Torvalds was unavailable for comment ...	Robert Manners, rjm@swift.eng.ox.ac.uk, in comp.os.linux.setup
The only "intuitive" interface is the nipple. After that, it's all learned.	Bruce Ediger, bediger@teal.csn.org, on X interfaces in c.o.l.misc
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new folder, it became obvious that "intuitive" mostly means "what the writer or speaker of intuitive likes".	Bruce Ediger, bediger@teal.csn.org, on X the intuitiveness of a Mac interface on comp.os.linux.misc.
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive, because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows from that! Har har har!"	Andy Bates on "intuitive interfaces", slightly defending Macs
> No manual is ever necessary. May I politely interject here: BULLSHIT. That's the biggest Apple lie of all!	Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces
How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi $i done" in a GUI?	Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces
>Ever heard of .cshrc? That's a city in Bosnia. Right?	Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands
Now, it we had this sort of thing: yield -a for yield to all traffic yield -t for yield to trucks yield -f for yield to people walking (yield foot) yield -d t* for yield on days starting with t ...you'd have a lot of dead people at intersections, and traffic jams you wouldn't believe...	Discussion on the intuitiveness of commands, comp.os.linux.misc
Not me, guy. I read the Bash man page each day like a Jehovah's Witness reads the Bible. No wait, the Bash man page IS the bible. Excuse me...	More on confusing aliases, taken from comp.os.linux.misc
On the Internet, no one knows you're using Windows NT	Submitted by Ramiro Estrugo, restrugo@fateware.com
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Disquieting ...	Gonzalo Tornaria in response to Linus Torvalds's
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals then.	Craig Schlenter in response to Linus Torvalds's
> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Surely, Linus is talking about the kind of idiocy that others aspire to :-).	Bruce Perens in response to Linus Torvalds's
Never make any mistaeks.	Anonymous, in a mail discussion about a kernel bug report
+#if defined(__alpha__) && defined(CONFIG_PCI) + /* + * The meaning of life, the universe, and everything. Plus + * this makes the year come out right. + */ + year -= 42; +#endif	From the patch for 1.3.2: (kernel/time.c), submitted by Marcus Meissner
As usual, this being a 1.3.x release, I haven't even compiled this kernel yet. So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.	Linus Torvalds, announcing kernel 1.3.3 on LKML
People disagree with me. I just ignore them.	Linus Torvalds, regarding the use of C++ for the Linux kernel
It's now the GNU Emacs of all terminal emulators.	Linus Torvalds, regarding the fact that Linux started off as a terminal emulator
Audience: What will become of Linux when the Hurd is ready? Eric Youngdale: Err... is Richard Stallman here?	From the Linux conference in spring '95, Berlin
Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion.	Mike Coleman
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children.	Linus Torvalds
... faster BogoMIPS calculations (yes, it now boots 2 seconds faster than it used to: we're considering changing the name from "Linux" to "InstaBOOT"	Linus, in the announcement for 1.3.26
... of course, this probably only happens for tcsh which uses wait4(), which is why I never saw it. Serves people who use that abomination right 8^)	Linus Torvalds, about a patch that fixes getrusage for 1.3.26
It's a bird.. It's a plane.. No, it's KernelMan, faster than a speeding bullet, to your rescue. Doing new kernel versions in under 5 seconds flat..	Linus, in the announcement for 1.3.27
Eh, that's it, I guess. No 300 million dollar unveiling event for this kernel, I'm afraid, but you're still supposed to think of this as the "happening of the century" (at least until the next kernel comes along).	Linus, in the announcement for 1.3.27
Oh, and this is another kernel in that great and venerable "BugFree(tm)" series of kernels. So be not afraid of bugs, but go out in the streets and deliver this message of joy to the masses.	Linus, in the announcement for 1.3.27
Never trust an operating system you don't have sources for. ;-)	Unknown source
> Linux is not user-friendly. It _is_ user-friendly. It is not ignorant-friendly and idiot-friendly.	Seen somewhere on the net
Keep me informed on the behaviour of this kernel.. As the "BugFree(tm)" series didn't turn out too well, I'm starting a new series called the "ItWorksForMe(tm)" series, of which this new kernel is yet another shining example.	Linus, in the announcement for 1.3.29
Seriously, the way I did this was by using a special /sbin/loader binary with debugging hooks that I made ("dd" is your friend: binary editors are for wimps).	Linus Torvalds, in an article on a dnserver
(I tried to get some documentation out of Digital on this, but as far as I can tell even _they_ don't have it ;-)	Linus Torvalds, in an article on a dnserver
Q: Why shouldn't I simply delete the stuff I never use, it's just taking up space? A: This question is in the category of Famous Last Words..	From the Frequently Unasked Questions
Q: What's the big deal about rm, I have been deleting stuff for years? And never lost anything.. oops! A: ...	From the Frequently Unasked Questions
Linux is addictive, I'm hooked!	MaDsen Wikholm's .sig
panic("Foooooooood fight!");	In the kernel source aha1542.c, after detecting a bad segment list
Convention organizer to Linus Torvalds: "You might like to come with us to some licensed[1] place, and have some pizza." Linus: "Oh, I did not know that you needed a license to eat pizza". [1] Licensed - refers in Australia to a restaurant which has government licence to sell liquor.	Linus at a talk at the Melbourne University
Footnotes are for things you believe don't really belong in LDP manuals, but want to include anyway.	Joel N. Weber II discussing the 'make' chapter of LPG
Eh, that's it, I guess. No 300 million dollar unveiling event for this kernel, I'm afraid, but you're still supposed to think of this as the "happening of the century" (at least until the next kernel comes along). Oh, and this is another kernel in that great and venerable "BugFree(tm)" series of kernels. So be not afraid of bugs, but go out in the streets and deliver this message of joy to the masses.	Linus Torvalds, on releasing 1.3.27
Ok, I'm just uploading the new version of the kernel, v1.3.33, also known as "the buggiest kernel ever".	Linus Torvalds
Go not unto the Usenet for advice, for you will be told both yea and nay (and quite a few things that just have nothing at all to do with the question).	seen in a .sig somewhere
Those who don't understand Linux are doomed to reinvent it, poorly.	unidentified source
Look, I'm about to buy me a double barreled sawed off shotgun and show Linus what I think about backspace and delete not working.	some anonymous .signature
We apologize for the inconvenience, but we'd still like yout to test out this kernel.	Linus Torvalds, announcing another kernel patch
The new Linux anthem will be "He's an idiot, but he's ok", as performed by Monthy Python. You'd better start practicing.	Linus Torvalds, announcing another kernel patch
How do you power off this machine?	Linus, when upgrading linux.cs.helsinki.fi, and after using the machine for several months
Excusing bad programming is a shooting offence, no matter _what_ the circumstances.	Linus Torvalds, to the linux-kernel list
Linus? Whose that?	clueless newbie on #Linux
N: Phil Lewis E: beans@bucket.ualr.edu D: Promised to send money if I would put his name in the source tree. S: PO Box 371 S: North Little Rock, Arkansas 72115 S: US	/usr/src/linux/CREDITS
> You know you are "there" when you are known by your first name, and > are recognized. > Lemmie see, there is Madonna, and Linus, and ..... help me out here! Bill ? ;-)	From some postings on comp.os.linux.misc
Whoa...I did a 'zcat /vmlinuz > /dev/audio' and I think I heard God...	mikecd on #Linux
Some people have told me they don't think a fat penguin really embodies the grace of Linux, which just tells me they have never seen a angry penguin charging at them in excess of 100mph. They'd be a lot more careful about what they say if they had.	Linus Torvalds, announcing Linux v2.0
MS-DOS, you can't live with it, you can live without it.	from Lars Wirzenius' .sig
> If you don't need X then little VT-100 terminals are available for real > cheap. Should be able to find decent ones used for around $40 each. > For that price, they're a must for the kitchen, den, bathrooms, etc.. :) You're right. Can you explain this to my wife?	Seen on c.o.l.development.system, on the subject of extra terminals
.. I used to get in more fights with SCO than I did my girlfriend, but now, thanks to Linux, she has more than happily accepted her place back at number one antagonist in my life..	Jason Stiefel, krypto@s30.nmex.com
I mean, well, if it were not for Linux I might be roaming the streets looking for drugs or prostitutes or something. Hannu and Linus have my highest admiration (apple polishing mode off).	Phil Lewis, plewis@nyx.nyx.net
> What does ELF stand for (in respect to Linux?) ELF is the first rock group that Ronnie James Dio performed with back in the early 1970's. In contrast, a.out is a misspelling of the French word for the month of August. What the two have in common is beyond me, but Linux users seem to use the two words together.	seen on c.o.l.misc
"Linux was made by foreign terrorists to take money from true US companies like Microsoft." - Some AOL'er. "To this end we dedicate ourselves..." -Don	From the sig of "Don", don@cs.byu.edu
Shoot me again. Just proving that the quickest way to solve the problem is to post a whine to the newsgroups: within moments the solution presents itself to me, and meanwhile my ass is hanging out on the Net... *sigh*...	Dave Phillips, dlphilp@bright.net, about problem solving via news
> Is there any hope for me? Am I just thick? Does anyone remember the > Rubiks Cube, it was easier! I found that the Rubiks cube and Linux are alike. Looks real confusing until you read the right book. :-)	seen on c.o.l.misc, about the "Linux Learning Curve"
> I've hacked the Xaw3d library to give you a Win95 like interface and it > is named Xaw95. You can replace your Xaw3d library. Oh God, this is so disgusting!	seen on c.o.l.development.apps, about the "Win95 look-alike"
Besides, its really not worthwhile to use more than two times your physical ram in swap (except in a select few situations). The performance of the system becomes so abysmal you'd rather heat pins under your toenails while reciting Windows95 source code and staring at porn flicks of Bob Dole than actually try to type something.	seen on c.o.l.development.system, about the size of the swap space
> I get the following error messages at bootup, could anyone tell me > what they mean? > fcntl_setlk() called by process 51 (lpd) with broken flock() emulation They mean that you have not read the documentation when upgrading the kernel.	seen on c.o.l.misc
Only wimps use tape backup: _real_ men just upload their important stuff on ftp, and let the rest of the world mirror it ;)	Linus Torvalds, about his failing hard drive on linux.cs.helsinki.fi
One of the things that hamper Linux's climb to world domination is the shortage of bad Computer Role Playing Games, or CRaPGs. No operating system can be considered respectable without one.	Brian O'Donnell, odonnllb@tcd.ie
The game, anoraks.2.0.0.tgz, will be available from sunsite until somebody responsible notices it and deletes it, and shortly from ftp.mee.tcd.ie/pub/Brian, though they don't know that yet.	Brian O'Donnell, odonnllb@tcd.ie
'Ooohh.. "FreeBSD is faster over loopback, when compared to Linux over the wire". Film at 11.'	Linus Torvalds
Q: Would you like to see the WINE list? A: What's on it, anything expensive? Q: No, just Solitaire and MineSweeper for now, but the WINE is free.	Kevin M. Bealer, about the WINdows Emulator
So in the future, one 'client' at a time or you'll be spending CPU time with lots of little 'child processes'.	Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the private life of a Linux nerd
By the way, I can hardly feel sorry for you... All last night I had to listen to her tears, so great they were redirected to a stream. What? Of _course_ you didn't know. You and your little group no longer have any permissions around here. She changed her .lock files, too.	Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the private life of a Linux nerd
We should start referring to processes which run in the background by their correct technical name... paenguins.	Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the penguin Linux logo
We can use symlinks of course... syslogd would be a symlink to syslogp and ftpd and ircd would be linked to ftpp and ircp... and of course the point-to-point protocal paenguin.	Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the penguin Linux logo
This is a logical analogy too... anyone who's been around, knows the world is run by paenguins. Always a paenguin behind the curtain, really getting things done. And paenguins in politics--who can deny it?	Kevin M. Bealer, commenting on the penguin Linux logo
Linux: Where Don't We Want To Go Today?	Submitted by Pancrazio De Mauro, paraphrasing some well-known sales talk
The most important design issue... is the fact that Linux is supposed to be fun...	Linus Torvalds at the First Dutch International Symposium on Linux
In short, at least give the penguin a fair viewing. If you still don't like it, that's ok: that's why I'm boss. I simply know better than you do.	Linus "what, me arrogant?" Torvalds, on c.o.l.advocacy
<SomeLamer> what's the difference between chattr and chmod? <SomeGuru> SomeLamer: man chattr > 1; man chmod > 2; diff -u 1 2 | less	Seen on #linux on irc
The linuX Files -- The Source is Out There.	Sent in by Craig S. Bell, goat@aracnet.com
"... being a Linux user is sort of like living in a house inhabited by a large family of carpenters and architects. Every morning when you wake up, the house is a little different. Maybe there is a new turret, or some walls have moved. Or perhaps someone has temporarily removed the floor under your bed." - Unix for Dummies, 2nd Edition	found in the .sig of Rob Riggs, rriggs@tesser.com
If Bill Gates is the Devil then Linus Torvalds must be the Messiah.	Unknown source
Vini, vidi, Linux!	Unknown source
Checking host system type... i586-unknown-linux configure: error: sorry, this is the gnu os, not linux	Topic on #Linux
It's easy to get on the internet and forget you have a life	Topic on #LinuxGER
To kick or not to kick...	Somewhere on IRC, inspired by Shakespeare
Linux - Where do you want to fly today?	Unknown source
The easiest way to get the root password is to become system admin.	Unknown source
The good thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from.	Andrew S. Tanenbaum
The primary difference [...] is that the Java program will reliably and obviously crash, whereas the C Program will do something obscure	Java Language Tutorial
LOAD "LINUX",8,1	Topic on #LinuxGER
Old MacLinus had a stack/l-i-n-u-x/and on this stack he had a trace/l-i-n-u-x with an Oops-Oops here and an Oops-Oops there here an Oops, there an Oops, everywhere an Oops-Oops.	tjimenez@site.gmu.edu, linux.dev.kernel
Also another major deciding factor is availability of source code. It just gives everybody a warm fuzzy feeling knowing that there is source code available to the product you are using. It allows everybody to improve on the product and fix bugs etc. sooner than the author(s) would get the time/chance to.	Atif Khan
Not only Guinness - Linux is good for you, too.	Banzai on IRC
> NE-2000 clone. Pentium optimizing gcc (pentium gcc pl8 I think). ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Build a kernel with the proper gcc. Reports with a non standard compiler are useless.	Alan Cox
BTW: I have a better name for the software .... Microsoft Internet Exploder.	George Bonser <grep@cris.com>
Well, since MS can't be sure of the username of someone downloading things, they are going to play it safe and have everything downloaded and executed by Explorer as suid root. That way, it will run on ANY system anywhere. :)	George Bonser <grep@cris.com>
If you really want pure ASCII, save it as text... or browse it with your favorite browser...	Alexandre Maret <amaret@infomaniak.ch>
Sorry for mailing this article, I've obviously made a typo (168!=186) that's the price for being up all night and doing some "quick" checks before you go to bed ....	Herbert Rosmanith <herp@wildsau.idv.uni-linz.ac.at>
Just to remind everyone. Today, Sept 17, is Linux's 5th birthday. So happy birthday to all on the list. Thanks go out to Linus and all the other hard-working maintainers for 5 wonderful fast paced years!	William E. Roadcap <roadcapw@cfw.com>
Exporting beer from Finnland doesn't seem to be that much of a hassle, as the Lenigrad Cowboys brought a lot of their brew to the concerts in Austria.	Otmar Lendl <lendl@cosy.sbg.ac.at>
Beeping is cute, if you are in the office ;)	Alan Cox
> Where in the US is Linus? He was in the "Promise Land".	David S. Miller <davem@caip.rutgers.edu>
> Yeah, Linus is in the US. > > His source trees are in Finland. OK, someone give him access -fast- ...... ;-)	babydr@nwrain.net, because of problems with the kernel
Subject: Linux box finds it hard to wake up in the morning I've heard of dogs being like their owners, but Linux boxen?	Peter Hunter <peter.hunter@blackfriars.oxford.ac.uk>
*** PUBLIC flooding detected from erikyyy <lewnie> THAT's an erik, pholx.... ;)	Seen on #LinuxGER
I've no idea when Linus is going to release 2.0.24, but if he takes too long Im going to release a 2.0.24unoff and he can sound off all he likes.	Alan Cox
All the existing 2.0.x kernels are too buggy for 2.1.x to be the main goal.	Alan Cox
martin@bdsi.com (no longer valid - where are you now, Martin?)	from /usr/src/linux/drivers/cdrom/mcd.c
[...] or some clown changed the chips on a board and not its name. (Don't laugh! Look at the SMC etherpower for that.)	from /usr/src/linux/MAINTAINERS
REST: P: Linus Torvalds S: Buried alive in email	from /usr/src/linux/MAINTAINERS
Why use Windows, when you can have air conditioning? Why use Windows, when you can leave through the door?	Konrad Blum
Netscape is not a newsreader, and probably never shall be.	Tom Christiansen
I think it's time to remove Qt and Qt-derived applications from the distribution. By distributing it, we only encourage authors to create restrictive licenses.	Bruce Perens
If someone can point me to a good and _FREE_ backup software that keeps track of which files get stored on which tape, we can change to it.	Mike Neuffer, admin of i-Connect Corp.
Whoa, first contact! [...] Welcome, from the people of Terra (Sol III). We extend our hands in friendship, and sincerely hope you shall do the same with your hand-equivelents.	Jason Burrell about a russian posting
> Whoa, first contact! Nope, 'fraid not, Linux is still primarily used on planet Earth, I'm afraid. Our friend here sent a message in Russian (KOI8-R encoding).	Aleksey Kliger, explaining a russian posting
There is, however, a strange, musty smell in the air that reminds me of something...hmm...yes...I've got it...there's a VMS nearby, or I'm a Blit.	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
1648 files (84%) out of the files that I mirror disappeared. Since my delete threshold was set at 90%, all those files are now missing from my hard drive. It's going to take a loooong time to fetch those again via 14.4kbps!	Brian C. White
> What is the status of Linux' Unicode implementation. Will Linux > be prepared for the first contact? We have full klingon console support just in case	Alan Cox on linux-kernel
"You, sir, are nothing but a pathetically lame salesdroid! I fart in your general direction!"	Randseed on #Linux
* Jes wonders why so many people in here uses fooZZZZZ and foo_sleeping nicks <peter> Jes: Because they are sleeping?	Seen on #Linux
* gb notes that fdisk thinks his cdrom can store one terabyte	Seen on #Linux
Check it out, send me comments, and dance joyously in the streets,	Linus Torvalds announcing 2.0.27
Sex dumps core (Sex is a Simple editor for X11)	Seen on debian bugtracking
I tried the clone syscall on me, but it didn't work.	Mike Neuffer trying to fix a serious time problem
- long f_ffree; /* free file nodes in fs */ + long f_ffree; /* freie Dateiknoten im Dateisystem */	Seen in a translation
* Phaedrus wishes he could get a machine that consists of Sparc IO, Alpha Processors and sleek design of an SGI <pp> And intel prices	Seen on #Linux
<Tazman> damn my office is cold. <Tazman> need a hot secretary to warm it up.	Seen on #Linux
This is a scsi driver, scraes the shit out of me, therefore I tapdanced and wrote a unix clone around it (C) by linus	Somewhere in the kernel tree
* This is complicated. Has to do with interrupts. Thus, I am * scared witless. Therefore I refuse to write this function. :-P	From the maclinux patch
Yes I have a Machintosh, please don't scream at me.	Larry Blumette on linux-kernel
<miguel> any new sendmail hole I have to fix before going on vacations?	Seen on #Linux
AUTHOR FvwmAuto just appeared one day, nobody knows how.	FvwmAuto(1x)
<lilo> Fairlight: udp is the light margarine of tcp/ip transport protocols :)	Seen on #Linux
I don't even know if it makes sense at all :) This is an experimental patch for an experimental kernel :))	Ingo Molnar on linux-kernel
Linux - Das System fuer schlaue Maedchen ;)	banshee
If loving linux is wrong, I don't wanna be right.	Topic for #LinuxGER
>>> FreeOS is an english-centric name Have you all been stuck in email, or have any of you tried *pronouncing* that? free-oh-ess? free-ows? fritos? :-)	Mark Eichin
The documentation is in Japanese. Good luck.	Rich $alz
People are going to scream bloody murder about that.	Seen on linux-kernel
> 1. is qmail as secure as they say? Depends on what they were saying, but most likely yes.	Seen on debian-devel
NEVER RESPOND TO CRITICAL PRESS. IT IS A GAME YOU CAN ONLY LOSE, AND IT MAKES US LOOK BAD.	Bruce Perens
A feature is nothing more than a bug with seniority.	Unknown source
Winnuke in one line? No problem: perl -MIO::Socket -e \ 'IO::Socket::INET->new(PeerAddr=>"bad.dude.com:139")->send("bye",MSG_OOB)' And formatted so it's a little easier to read: #!/usr/bin/perl use IO::Socket; IO::Socket::INET ->new(PeerAddr=>"bad.dude.com:139") ->send("bye", MSG_OOB);	Randal Schwartz
If a 'train station' is where a train stops, what's a 'workstation'?	
"We don't do a new version to fix bugs." - Bill Gates "The new version - it's not there to fix bugs." - Bill Gates	Retranslated from Focus 43/1995, pp. 206-212
The POP3 server service depends on the SMTP server service, which failed to start because of the following error: The operation completed successfully.	Windows NT Server v3.51
Software is like sex; it's better when it's free.	Linus Torvalds
vi is [[13~^[[15~^[[15~^[[19~^[[18~^ a muk[^[[29~^[[34~^[[26~^[[32~^ch better editor than this emacs. I know I^[[14~'ll get flamed for this but the truth has to be said. ^[[D^[[D^[[D^[[D ^[[D^[^[[D^[[D^[[B^ exit ^X^C quit :x :wq dang it :w:w:w :x ^C^C^Z^D	Jesper Lauridsen <rorschak@daimi.aau.dk> from alt.religion.emacs
oh okay. my mistake. Yafcot:atj(*), mark * Yet another fool coming over this: according to joey	mark@mail.novare.net
Sorry. I just realized this sentance makes no sense :)	Ian Main
Stopping Apache webserver...sleeping...starting again... apache: dl-version.c:189: _dl_check_map_versions: Assertion `needed != ((void *)0)' failed noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	netgod on #Debian at LISC
Make it idiot-proof, and someone will breed a better idiot.	Oliver Elphick
#Debian makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. :)	HippieGuy on #Debian
<Myxie> I know. Unless htere is a cookie monster somewhere between us tat muches the amil. <Myxie> amil/mail <Myxie> muches/munches tat/that htere/there <HippieGuy> heheh <HippieGuy> problems? :) * Myxie needs an ircii addon that pipes teh command line through ispell :)	Seen on #Debian
ECRC hat keine lynx komp. seiten, sowas MUSS ja pleite gehen ;-)=	Getty on #LinuxGER
Uh... deity is a word, and diety isn't. Or is it supposed to be one of those recursive acronyms? Diety Is Excellent To You. Deity Eats Icecream That's Yellow. Diety Is Eloping To Yokohama. I'll stop now.	Guy Maor
Why are there always boycotts? Shouldn't there be girlcotts too?	argon on #Linux
<sct> Anyone want the new supermount? :) <klogd> whats new about it <sct> klogd: It cleans whiter than white. :)	Seen on #Linux
Und die Tastaturabrdücke auf Ihrer Wange unterstreichen seeeeeehr vorteilhaft ihr unterschütterliches Vertrauen in die moderene Technologie	Agent Gully in "Die eXakten"
- DDD no longer requires the librx library. Consequently, librx errors can no more cause DDD to crash.	DDD
snafu = Situation Normal All F%$*ed up	
It's computer hardware, of course it's worth having <g>	Espy on #Debian
Alan E. Davis: Some files at llug.sep.bnl.gov/pub/debian/Incoming are stamped on 10 January 1998. As I write, nowhere on Earth is it now 10 January. Craig Sanders: That just proves how advanced debian is, doesn't it :-)	debian-devel
Computers are like air conditioners. Both stop working, if you open windows.	Adam Heath
I am NOT a kludge! I am a computer!	tts
<Joey> gorgo: *lol* <gorgo> joey: what's so funny? :) <Culus> shh, joey is losing all sanity from lack of sleep <Culus> 'yes joey, very funny' <Culus> Humor him :>	Seen on #Debian
* SynrG notes that the number of configuration questions to answer in sendmail is NON-TRIVIAL	Seen on #Debian
My apologies if I sound angry. I feel like I'm talking to a void.	Avery Pennarun
RIP is irrelevant. Spoofing is futile. Your routes will be aggregated.	Alex Yuriev
After 14 non-maintainer releases, I'm the S-Lang non-maintainer.	Ray Dassen
BREAKFAST.COM Halted... Cereal Port Not Responding.	
* JHM wonders what Joey did to earn "I'd just like to say, for the record, that Joey rules."	Seen on #Debian
Steal my cash, car and TV - but leave the computer!	Soenke Lange <soenke@escher.north.de>
The only really good reason I can think to not release specs is embarrassment on just how crappy some hardware out there is, or just how buggy it is.	Chris Wedgwood <cw@ix.net.nz>
> Alan Cox wrote: [..] No I didn't. Someone else wrote that. Please keep attributions straight.	From linux-kernel
Do people like check the Debian website every 5 minutes to check it hasn't morphed into another one? Not that I'm one to talk, but some people seriously need to get a life	james on #Debian
... Linux und seine Programme sind damit so etwas wie ein real existierender Sozialismus der besseren Art ...	Christian Seel in der Berliner Morgenpost v. 9.3.1997
* james would be more impressed if netgod's magic powers could stop the splits in the first place... * netgod notes debian developers are notoriously hard to impress	Seen on #Debian
* Joey should not write changelog entries at 5:30am <Joey> * DFSC Free cgi library <Joey> What's that? DFSC? <jim> Debian Free Software mroooooCows	Seen on #Debian
<posix> this guy _is_ crazy <stargazer> posix: from the looks of Enlightenment he's on LSD <posix> LSD is nothing compared to what this guy's on..	Seen on #Unix
On Netscape GPLing their browser: ``How can you trust a browser that ANYONE can hack? For the secure choice, choose Microsoft.''	<oryx@pobox.com> in a comment on slashdot.org
Turn right here. No! NO! The OTHER right!	
#define FALSE 0 /* This is the naked Truth */ #define TRUE 1 /* and this is the Light */	mailto.c
<Stealth> How do I bind a computer to an NIS server? <Joey> Use a rope?	Seen on #Debian
Does biff in bo work coz it biffin doesn't beep an if biff in bo is broke then biff in bo I will delete I've tried biff in bo with 'y' I've tried biff in bo with '-y' no biffin output does it show so poor wee biff is gonna go.	John Spence <jspence@lynx.net.au> on debian-user
Real Men don't make backups. They upload it via ftp and let the world mirror it.	Linus Torvalds
One tree to rule them all, One tree to find them, One tree to bring them all, and to itself bind them.	Gavin Koch <gavin@cygnus.com>
As I currently don't have a floppy drive in my computer, I'd like to make an `emergency cdrom' ;)	Eugene Crosser <crosser@average.org>
Alan Cox wrote: >> On any procmail new enough not to be full of security holes you set >Brain on, Imeant majordomo of course 8) You got me worried there for a brief (very brief) moment :-).	Stephen R. van den Berg (AKA BuGless)
<grin> seen jhm <dpkg> jhm is Sarek, and jhm is on the channel right now! * JHM wonders why dpkg remembers that particular nick. <grin> dpkg: Sarek? ermm, sure, and I am Khan	Seen on #Debian
When you have 200 programmers trying to write code for one product, like Win95 or NT, what you get is a multiple personality program. By definition, the real problem is that these programs are psychotic by nature and make people crazy when they use them.	Joan Brewer on alt.destroy.microsoft
<igor> Hah! we have 2 Johnie Ingrams in the channel :) <igor> Hey all btw :)	
I just uploaded xtoolplaces-1.6. It fixes all bugs but one: It still coredumps instead of doing something useful. The upstream author's e-mail address bounces, Redhat doesn't provide it and I never used it.	Sven Rudolph <sr1@os.inf.tu-dresden.de>
> I thing you're missing the capability of Makefiles. It takes several _hours_ to do `make' a second time on my machine with the latest glibc sources (and no files are recompiled a second time). I think I'll remove `build' after changing one file if I want to recompile it.	Juan Cespedes <cespedes@debian.org>
<Culus> aIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 <Culus> MY LIGHT JUST DIED <Culus> I AM SO SAD <Culus> I'm blind! I'm blind! <dark> Light? <dark> Turn all your xterms to black-on-white :) Plenty of light that way.	Seen on #Debian
| |-sshd---tcsh-+-dpkg-buildpacka---rules---sh---make---make---sh ---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make	While packaging XFree86 for Debian GNU/Linux
/* * Please skip to the bottom of this file if you ate lunch recently * -- Alan */	from Linux kernel pre-2.1.91-1
#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 64 #error "Only stud muffins allowed, schmuck." #endif	linux/arch/sparc64/quad.c
#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 32 #error "Here's a nickel kid. Go buy yourself a real computer." #endif	linux/arch/sparc64/double.h
<dark> eat Depends: cook | eat-out. But eat-out is non-free so that's out. And cook Recommends: clean-pans.	Seen on #Debian
* Linux Viruscan..... Windows 95 found. Remove it? (Y/y)	Unknown source
<sel> need help: my first packet to my provider gets lost :-( <netgod> sel: don't send the first one, start with #2 * netgod is kidding	
These download files are in Microsoft Word 6.0 format. After unzipping, these files can be viewed in any text editor, including all versions of Microsoft Word, WordPad, and Microsoft Word Viewer	From Micro$oft
Ooh, mommy, mommy, what I have now doesn't work in this extremely unlikely circumstance, so I'll just throw it away and write something completely new.	Linus Torvalds
#ifdef __SMP__ #error "Me no hablo Alpha SMP" #else #define irq_enter(cpu, irq) (++local_irq_count[cpu]) #define irq_exit(cpu, irq) (--local_irq_count[cpu]) #endif	from kernel 2.1.90, arch/alpha/kernel/irc.c
Linus Torvalds: > This is the special Easter release of linux, more mundanely called 1.3.84 Winfried Truemper: > Umh, oh. What do you mean by "special easter release"?. Will it quit > working today and rise on easter?	
I never thought that I'd see the day where Netscape is free software and X11 is proprietary. We live in interesting times.	Matt Kimball <mkimball@xmission.com>
Because I don't need to worry about finances I can ignore Microsoft and take over the (computing) world from the grassroots.	Linus Torvalds
/* * Buddy system. Hairy. You really aren't expected to understand this * */	From /usr/src/linux/mm/page_alloc.cA
baz bat bamus batis bant.	James Troup
Just go ahead and write your own multitasking multiuser os! Worked for me all the times.	Linus Torvalds
I've seen people with new children before, they go from ultra happy to looking like something out of a zombie film in about a week.	Alan Cox about Linus after his 2nd daughter
I expect that no one has objections. However, if I'd only add these entries to the list because `I think it's the right thing to do', I'd get a lot of flames afterwards :)	Christian Schwarz
Various documentation updates and bugfixes (the best way to know that a stable kernel is approaching is to notice that somebody starts to spellcheck the kernel - it has so far never failed)	Linus Torvalds in the annoucement for pre-2.1.99-3
You will not censor me through bug terrorism.	James Troup
<doogie> Thinking is dangerous. It leads to ideas.	Seen on #Debian
<james> Are we going to make an emacs out of apt? APT - Debian in a program. It even does your laundry	Seen on #Debian
<joost> Do you mean to say that I can read mail with vi too? ;-) <Joey> Didn't you know that? <Joey> :r /var/spool/mail/jk	debian-mentors
Charles Briscoe-Smith <cpbs@debian.org>: After all, the gzip package is called `gzip', not `libz-bin'... James Troup <troup@debian.org>: Uh, probably because the gzip binary doesn't come from the non-existent libz package or the existent zlib package.	debian-bugs-dist
Debian is like Suse with yast turned off, just better. :)	Goswin Brederlow
The truth is not free. It's that simple. If you change the truth, it is no longer true - so the truth is not free!	Jules Bean about freeness of documentation
<jim> Lemme make sure I'm not wasting time here... bcwhite will remove pkgs that havent been fixed that have outstanding bugs of severity "important". True or false? <JHM> jim: "important" or higher. True. <jim> Then we're about to lose ftp.debian.org and dpkg :) * netgod will miss dpkg -- it was occasionally useful <Joey> We still have rpm....	Seen on #Debian
The problem here (as someon else stated) is that when multiple dists use the same package format it only gives a "false sense of compatibility".	Stephen Carpenter <sjc@delphi.com>
*** Rince is wagner@schizo.DAINet.de (We have Joey, we have Fun, we have Linux on a Sun)	Seen on #Debian
The most effective has probably been Linux/8086 - that was a joke that got out of hand. So far out of hand in fact its almost approaching usability because other folks thought it worth doing - Alistair Riddoch especially.	Alan Cox
The only other people who might benefit from Linux8086 would be owners of PDP/11's and other roomsized computers from the same era.	Alan Cox
Ha. I say let them try -- even vi+perl couldn't match the power of an editor which is, after all, its own OS. ;-)	Johnie Ingram on debian-devel, about linking vim with libperl.so
Being overloaded is the sign of a true Debian maintainer.	JHM on #Debian
<alaint> joey--very clever !!! <alaint> joey--no wonder that Debian is a good distrib with coder like you	Seen on #Debian (referring to my RAID article for the LJ)
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.	Unknown source
Despite the best efforts of a quantum bigfoot drive (yes I know everyone told me they suck, now I know they were right) 2.1.109ac1 is now available	Alan Cox announcing Linux 2.1.109ac1
<dark> Turns out that grep returns error code 1 when there are no matches. I KNEW that. Why did it take me half an hour?	Seen on #Debian
It's simply unbelievable how much energy and creativity people have invested into creating contradictory, bogus and stupid licenses...	Sven Rudolph about licences in debian/non-free.
<Overfiend> partycle: I seriously do need a vacation from this package. I actually had a DREAM about introducing a stupid new bug into xbase-preinst last night. That's a Bad Sign.	Seen on #Debian shortly before the release of Debian 2.0
<core> i'm glad Debian finally got into polar-deep-freeze-we-arent-shitting-you state finally.	Seen on #Debian shortly before the release of Debian 2.0
<dark> Looks like the channel is back to normal :) <jim> You mean it's not scrolling faster than anyone can read? :)	Seen on #Debian after the release of Debian 2.0
Alex Buell: Or how about a Penguin logo painted in really really trippy colours, and emblazoned with the word LSD. :o) Geert Uytterhoeven: We already had that one, but unfortunately Russell King fixed that nasty palette bug in drivers/video/fbcon.c :-)	linux-kernel
Writing non-free software is not an ethically legitimate activity, so if people who do this run into trouble, that's good! All businesses based on non-free software ought to fail, and the sooner the better.	Richard Stallman
Außerdem noch [..] die Distribution für Puristen, denen technische Eleganz und Qualität und philosophisch reine Lehre der `freien Software' über totale Einfachheit geht (Debian) und viele mehr.	Anselm Lingnau in de.comp.os.unix.discussion
Fehlermeldung von StarOffice: Das Dokument wurde fuer den Drucker Generic PostScript Printer formatiert. Der Drucker ist nicht vorhanden. Soll der Standarddrucker Generic PostScript Printer verwendet werden? Ob Programme schizophren werden koennen?	Oliver Bedford <O.Bedford@uni-koeln.de>
No, that's wrong too. Now there's a race condition between the rm and the mv. Hmm, I need more coffee.	Guy Maor on Debian Bug#25228
Perhaps the RBLing (Realtime Black Hole) of msn.com recently, which prevented a large amount of mail going out for about 4 days, has had a positive influence in Redmond. They did agree to work on their anti-relay capabilities at their POPs to get the RBL lifted.	Bill Campbell on Smail3-users
Microsoft DNS service terminates abnormally when it receives a response to a DNS query that was never made. Fix Information: Run your DNS service on a different platform.	bugtraq
I am amazed that no-one's based a commercial distribution on Debian yet - it is by far the most solid UNIX-like OS I've ever installed, and I've played with HP/UX, Solaris, FreeBSD, BSDi, and SCO (not to mention OS/2, Novell, Win95/NT)	Nathan E. Norman
Jim> http://www.novare.net/~eam/kaffe/ Joey> ^ Joey> And now we all learn how to write Ean's name and the URL is complete. Jim> Hah! I noticed that the instead I sent it, and I tried to hit ^g, but I was too slow. :-)	debian-devel
Die TeX-Artikel [..] aber doch inzwischen wohl nicht mehr an den Fingern zweier Hände abzählbar (außer vielleicht von Informatikern, die bekanntlich mit den Fingern bis 1023 zählen können.	Anselm Lingnau
And Bruce is effectively building BruceIX	Alan Cox
<Culus-> I will be known as Ian Black, Ean can be Ian Red, Netgod Ian Blue, Che gets Ian Yellow, CQ is Ian Purple and Joey is Ian Indigo	Some #Debian channel
When a float occurs on the same page as the start of a supertabular you can expect unexpected results.	Documentation of supertabular.sty
From: Ean Schuessler <ean@novare.net> The unrecognized minister of propaganda, E	Debian, joking
* liw prefers not to have Linus run Debian, because then /me would have to run Red Hat, just to keep the power balance :)	#Debian
<\\swing> and if we're playing old distributions... whatever happened to Yggdrasil? :) <joost> \\swing: everybody who tried to pronounce it got their tongue in a knot and choked	#Debian
I'm telling you that the kernel is stable not because it's a kernel, but because I refuse to listen to arguments like this.	Linus Torvalds
> Tut mir Leid, Jost, aber Du bist ein unertraeglicher Troll. Was soll das? Du *beleidigst* die Trolle!	de.comp.os.unix.linux.misc
Wenn also die KDE-Arbeit nochmal gemacht wird bei GNOME, hat das die Entwicklungszeit für ein freies Desktop-System verkürzt. Hast Du auch irgendwo die passende Algebra zu der Rechnung?	Sascha Ziemann in de.comp.os.unix.linux.misc
* dpkg ponders: 'C++' should have been called 'D'	#Debian
<rm_-rf_> The real value of KDE is that they inspired and push the development of GNOME :-)	#Debian
* dpkg hands stu a huge glass of vbeer * Joey takes the beer from stu, you're too young ;) * Cylord takes the beer from Joey, you're too drunk. * Cylord gives the beer to muggles.	#Debian, celebrating the 5th anniversary
<stu> Stupid nick highlighting <stu> Whenever someone starts with "stupid" it highlights the nick. Hmm.	#Debian
<netgod> And once Diziet/CQ make the formal announcment that LSA sucks, we can even reduce the Crisis Level rating and move on to linuxfoundation.org.	#Debian
* LG loves czech girls. <vincent> LG: do they have additional interesting "features" other girls don't have? ;)	#Debian
The first is to ensure your partner understands that nature has root privileges - nature doesn't have to make sense.	Telsa Gwynne
As to house maintenance, does it involve problem solfing? If so, your hacker can safely be left to deall with the panning (for the musement value, if nothering ese).	Telsa Gwynne
Remember: While root can do most everything, there are certain privileges that only a partner can grant.	Telsa Gwynne
<Skyhook> Where is 'bavaria' proper? I thought it was austria.	Seen on #Linux
Day X+4 months: Microsoft ships NT 5.0 for Intel.with a big media event on TV. IBM begins to ship Debian 4.6 as the standard OS on all machines from mainframe to PC and announces the move on Slashdot.	Christoph Lameter
How many chunks could checkchunk check if checkchunk could check chunks?	Alan Cox
Q: How does a Unix guru have sex? A: unzip;strip;touch;finger;mount;fsck;more;yes;umount;sleep	unknown source
Someone on IRC was very sad about the uptime of his machine wrapping from 497 days to 0.	linux-kernel
<doogie> netgod: 8:42pm is not late. <netgod> doogie: its 2:42am in Joeyland	#Debian
We knew from experience that the essence of communal computing, as supplied by remote-access, time-shared machines, is not just to type programs into a terminal instead of a keypunch, but to encourage close communication.	Dennis Ritchie
modconf (0.2.37) stable unstable; urgency=medium [...] * Eduard Bloch: - fixed Makefile broken Marcin Owsiany a while ago. The default manpage has been overwritten with the polish translation. I still wonder why nobody noticed this before. Closes: #117474 [...]	Eduard Bloch <blade@debian.org> Sun, 28 Oct 2001 12:53:27 +0100
Could somebody drag the Irix team kicking and screaming into the 1980's, please? I realize it might be quite painful for them, but maybe you could buy them a disco tape, so they'd feel a little bit more at home.	Linus "Stayin' alive, stayin' alive" Torvalds
> <magical +3 sigh of hyperbole deflection> The branden dodges your magical sigh. The branden attacks you with a slew of words! The branden misses!	Henning Makholm in <yahsmr7dk9k.fsf@pc-043.diku.dk>
<<< Why Eclipse doesn't belong to the "right" tools? My naive understanding is that Eclipse is the Emacs of the 21st century – it is open source, customizable etc., similar to Emacs; in addition to being graphical. >>> Thank you! I was wondering why I hated Eclipse so much, and you have put your finger on it. It's exactly like a 21st century Emacs. -- Shachar Shemesh	Re: [Haifux] [W2L] Call for lecturer + "Linux guru" ( https://is.gd/PbULJR )
Emacs is a nice operating system, but what it lacks, in order to compete with Linux, is a good text editor. — based on https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Emacs	
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into super-edit-debug-compile mode?	Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially Emacs.
I've heard a Jew and a Muslim argue in a Damascus cafe with less passion than the emacs wars."	Ronald Florence <ron@18james.com> in <ueu1c4mbrc.fsf@auda.18james.com>
World domination. Fast	Linus Torvalds ( Unsourced )
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of filename completion.	Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands: file completion vs. the Mac Finder.
Anyone who thinks UNIX is intuitive should be forced to write 5000 lines of code using nothing but vi or emacs. AAAAACK! (Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially Emacs.)	
It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God.	Matt Welsh
There are no threads in a.b.p.erotica, so there's no gain in using a threaded news reader.	Unknown source
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.	Unknown source
The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.	Arno Schaefer's .sig
What's this script do? unzip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; gasp ; yes ; umount ; sleep Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented. Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out.	(Contributed by Frans van der Zande.)
Linux: Because Software Problems Should Not Cost Money. -- Shlomi Fish	https://www.shlomifish.org/art/linux_banner/
My friend Botje from freenode noted that some people on its #osdev chatroom, have implemented kernels from scratch, which supported enough of POSIX to bootstrap a GNU ( https://gnu.org/ ) system (as I suspected). Now try this with CSS2.1... -- Shlomi Fish	https://twitter.com/shlomif/status/1542047869989011457
You know who's dumb? It's me. I'm dumb. I couldn't eject the tape. Because there was no tape. And I was looking at the slot cover.	Jason B.
Did I test the above macro? Don't be silly. All my code works on first try. Except when it doesn't.	Linus Torvalds
If I wanted made-up random crap and hallucinations, I'd ask ChatGPT, not my filesystem.	Linus Torvalds
Although the Perl Slogan is There's More Than One Way to Do It, I hesitate to make 10 ways to do something. :-)	Larry Wall in <9695@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. :-)	Larry Wall in <10209@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
"And I don't like doing silly things (except on purpose)."	Larry Wall in <1992Jul3.191825.14435@netlabs.com>
: And it goes against the grain of building small tools. Innocent, Your Honor. Perl users build small tools all day long.	Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
/* And you'll never guess what the dog had */ /* in its mouth... */	Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
Because . doesn't match \n. [\0-\377] is the most efficient way to match everything currently. Maybe \e should match everything. And \E would of course match nothing. :-)	Larry Wall in <9847@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Be consistent.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
Besides, including <std_ice_cubes.h> is a fatal error on machines that don't have it yet. Bad language design, there... :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Aug22.220929.6857@netlabs.com>
Besides, it's good to force C programmers to use the toolbox occasionally. :-)	Larry Wall in <1991May31.181659.28817@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
Besides, REAL computers have a rename() system call. :-)	Larry Wall in <7937@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
break; /* don't do magic till later */	Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
But you have to allow a little for the desire to evangelize when you think you have good news.	Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
Chip Salzenberg sent me a complete patch to add System V IPC (msg, sem and shm calls), so I added them. If that bothers you, you can always undefine them in config.sh. :-) -- Larry Wall in <9384@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>	
/* dbmrefcnt--; */ /* doesn't work, rats */	Larry Wall in hash.c from the perl source code
#define NULL 0 /* silly thing is, we don't even use this */	Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
#define SIGILL 6 /* blech */	Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
Does the same as the system call of that name. If you don't know what it does, don't worry about it.	Larry Wall in the perl man page regarding chroot(2)
double value; /* or your money back! */ short changed; /* so triple your money back! */	Larry Wall in cons.c from the perl source code
Down that path lies madness. On the other hand, the road to hell is paved with melting snowballs.	Larry Wall in <1992Jul2.222039.26476@netlabs.com>
echo "Congratulations. You aren't running Eunice."	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
echo "Hmmm...you don't have Berkeley networking in libc.a..." echo "but the Wollongong group seems to have hacked it in."	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
echo "ICK, NOTHING WORKED!!! You may have to diddle the includes.";;	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
echo $package has manual pages available in source form. echo "However, you don't have nroff, so they're probably useless to you."	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
echo "Your stdio isn't very std."	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
#else /* !STDSTDIO */ /* The big, slow, and stupid way */	Larry Wall in str.c from the perl source code
[End of diatribe. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming...]	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
Even if you aren't in doubt, consider the mental welfare of the person who has to maintain the code after you, and who will probably put parens in the wrong place. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page	
"Help save the world!" -- Larry Wall in README	
Hey, I had to let awk be better at *something*... :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Nov7.200504.25280@netlabs.com>1
I already have too much problem with people thinking the efficiency of a perl construct is related to its length. On the other hand, I'm perfectly capable of changing my mind next week... :-) --lwall	
I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get. :-)	Larry Wall in <10502@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
I dunno, I dream in Perl sometimes...	Larry Wall in <8538@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
If I allowed "next $label" then I'd also have to allow "goto $label", and I don't think you really want that... :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Mar11.230002.27271@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
If I don't document something, it's usually either for a good reason, or a bad reason. In this case it's a good reason. :-)	Larry Wall in <1992Jan17.005405.16806@netlabs.com>
"I find this a nice feature but it is not according to the documentation. Or is it a BUG?" "Let's call it an accidental feature. :-)"	Larry Wall in <6909@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
if (instr(buf,sys_errlist[errno])) /* you don't see this */	Larry Wall in eval.c from the perl source code
if (rsfp = mypopen("/bin/mail root","w")) { /* heh, heh */	Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
If you consistently take an antagonistic approach, however, people are going to start thinking you're from New York. :-)	Larry Wall to Dan Bernstein in <10187@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
If you want to program in C, program in C. It's a nice language. I use it occasionally... :-)	Larry Wall in <7577@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
If you want to see useful Perl examples, we can certainly arrange to have comp.lang.misc flooded with them, but I don't think that would help the advance of civilization. :-)	Larry Wall in <1992Mar5.180926.19041@netlabs.com>
If you want your program to be readable, consider supplying the argument.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
I know it's weird, but it does make it easier to write poetry in perl. :-)	Larry Wall in <7865@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
I'll say it again for the logic impaired.	Larry Wall
I might be able to shoehorn a reference count in on top of the numeric value by disallowing multiple references on scalars with a numeric value, but it wouldn't be as clean. I do occasionally worry about that. --lwall	
I'm sure that that could be indented more readably, but I'm scared of the awk parser.	Larry Wall in <6849@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
In general, if you think something isn't in Perl, try it out, because it usually is. :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Jul31.174523.9447@netlabs.com>
In general, they do what you want, unless you want consistency.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
Interestingly enough, since subroutine declarations can come anywhere, you wouldn't have to put BEGIN {} at the beginning, nor END {} at the end. Interesting, no? I wonder if Henry would like it. :-) --lwall	
I think it's a new feature. Don't tell anyone it was an accident. :-)	Larry Wall on s/foo/bar/eieio in <10911@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
"It is easier to port a shell than a shell script."	Larry Wall
It is, of course, written in Perl. Translation to C is left as an exercise for the reader. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7448@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>	
It's all magic. :-)	Larry Wall in <7282@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
It's documented in The Book, somewhere...	Larry Wall in <10502@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
> (It's sorta like sed, but not. It's sorta like awk, but not. etc.) Guilty as charged. Perl is happily ugly, and happily derivative.	Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
It's there as a sop to former Ada programmers. :-)	Larry Wall regarding 10_000_000 in <11556@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
It won't be covered in the book. The source code has to be useful for something, after all... :-)	Larry Wall in <10160@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
: I've heard that there is a shell (bourne or csh) to perl filter, does : anyone know of this or where I can get it? Yeah, you filter it through Tom Christiansen. :-) -- Larry Wall	
: I've tried (in vi) "g/[a-z]\n[a-z]/s//_/"...but that doesn't : cut it. Any ideas? (I take it that it may be a two-pass sort of solution). In the first pass, install perl. :-)	Larry Wall <6849@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
I won't mention any names, because I don't want to get sun4's into trouble... :-) -- Larry Wall in <11333@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>	
Just don't compare it with a real language, or you'll be unhappy... :-)	Larry Wall in <1992May12.190238.5667@netlabs.com>
Just don't create a file called -rf. :-)	Larry Wall in <11393@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
last|perl -pe '$_ x=/(..:..)...(.*)/&&"'$1'"ge$1&&"'$1'"lt$2' That's gonna be tough for Randal to beat... :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Apr29.072206.5621@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
Let's say the docs present a simplified view of reality... :-)	Larry Wall in <6940@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Let us be charitable, and call it a misleading feature :-)	Larry Wall in <2609@jato.Jpl.Nasa.Gov>
Lispers are among the best grads of the Sweep-It-Under-Someone-Else's-Carpet School of Simulated Simplicity. [Was that sufficiently incendiary? :-)]	Larry Wall in <1992Jan10.201804.11926@netlabs.com
No, I'm not going to explain it. If you can't figure it out, you didn't want to know anyway... :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Aug7.180856.2854@netlabs.com>
/* now make a new head in the exact same spot */	Larry Wall in cons.c from the perl source code
OK, enough hype.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
OOPS! You naughty creature! You didn't run Configure with sh! I will attempt to remedy the situation by running sh for you...	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
Perl is designed to give you several ways to do anything, so consider picking the most readable one.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
Perl itself is usually pretty good about telling you what you shouldn't do. :-)	Larry Wall in <11091@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Perl programming is an *empirical* science!	Larry Wall in <10226@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
pos += screamnext[pos] /* does this goof up anywhere? */	Larry Wall in util.c from the perl source code
Q. Why is this so clumsy? A. The trick is to use Perl's strengths rather than its weaknesses.	Larry Wall in <8225@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Randal said it would be tough to do in sed. He didn't say he didn't understand sed. Randal understands sed quite well. Which is why he uses Perl. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7874@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>	
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. :-)	Larry Wall in <8571@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Remember though that THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
s = (char*)(long)retval; /* ouch */	Larry Wall in doio.c from the perl source code
signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */	Larry Wall in doarg.c from the perl source code
Sorry. My testing organization is either too small, or too large, depending on how you look at it. :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Apr22.175438.8564@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
stab_val(stab)->str_nok = 1; /* what a wonderful hack! */	Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
str->str_pok |= SP_FBM; /* deep magic */ s = (unsigned char*)(str->str_ptr); /* deeper magic */	Larry Wall in util.c from the perl source code
Tactical? TACTICAL!?!? Hey, buddy, we went from kilotons to megatons several minutes ago. We don't need no stinkin' tactical nukes. (By the way, do you have change for 10 million people?) --lwall	
That means I'll have to use $ans to suppress newlines now. Life is ridiculous.	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
The autodecrement is not magical.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
The only disadvantage I see is that it would force everyone to get Perl. Horrors. :-)	Larry Wall in <8854@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
*** The previous line contains the naughty word "$&".\n if /(ibm|apple|awk)/; # :-)	Larry Wall in the perl man page
There ain't nothin' in this world that's worth being a snot over.	Larry Wall in <1992Aug19.041614.6963@netlabs.com>
There are many times when you want it to ignore the rest of the string just like atof() does. Oddly enough, Perl calls atof(). How convenient. :-)	Larry Wall in <1991Jun24.231628.14446@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
There are probably better ways to do that, but it would make the parser more complex. I do, occasionally, struggle feebly against complexity... :-)	Larry Wall in <7886@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
There are still some other things to do, so don't think if I didn't fix your favorite bug that your bug report is in the bit bucket. (It may be, but don't think it. :-) Larry Wall in <7238@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>	
"The road to hell is paved with melting snowballs."	Larry Wall in <1992Jul2.222039.26476@netlabs.com>
/* This bit of chicanery makes a unary function followed by a parenthesis into a function with one argument, highest precedence. */	Larry Wall in toke.c from the perl source code
"...this does not mean that some of us should not want, in a rather dispassionate sort of way, to put a bullet through csh's head." Larry Wall in <1992Aug6.221512.5963@netlabs.com>	
> This made me wonder, suddenly: can telnet be written in perl? Of course it can be written in Perl. Now if you'd said nroff, that would be more challenging... -- Larry Wall	
Though I'll admit readability suffers slightly...	Larry Wall in <2969@jato.Jpl.Nasa.Gov>
tmps_base = tmps_max; /* protect our mortal string */	Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
Unix is like a toll road on which you have to stop every 50 feet to pay another nickel. But hey! You only feel 5 cents poorer each time.	Larry Wall in <1992Aug13.192357.15731@netlabs.com>
/* we have tried to make this normal case as abnormal as possible */	Larry Wall in cmd.c from the perl source code
What about WRITING it first and rationalizing it afterwords? :-)	Larry Wall in <8162@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
: 1. What is the possibility of this being added in the future? In the near future, the probability is close to zero. In the distant future, I'll be dead, and posterity can do whatever they like... :-) --lwall	
"What is the sound of Perl? Is it not the sound of a wall that people have stopped banging their heads against?"	Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi.	Larry Wall in the perl man page
"You can't have filenames longer than 14 chars. You can't even think about them!"	Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
You have to admit that it's difficult to misplace the Perl sources. :-)	Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
Your csh still thinks true is false. Write to your vendor today and tell them that next year Configure ought to "rm /bin/csh" unless they fix their blasted shell. :-) -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution	
You want it in one line? Does it have to fit in 80 columns? :-)	Larry Wall in <7349@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
Well, enough clowning around. Perl is, in intent, a cleaned up and summarized version of that wonderful semi-natural language known as "Unix".	Larry Wall in <1994Apr6.184419.3687@netlabs.com>
Anyway, there's plenty of room for doubt. It might seem easy enough, but computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is.	Larry Wall in <1994Jun15.074039.2654@netlabs.com>
I want to see people using Perl to glue things together creatively, not just technically but also socially.	Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
The whole history of computers is rampant with cheerleading at best and bigotry at worst.	Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
Unix weanies are as bad at this as anyone.	Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
If someone stinks, view it as a reason to help them, not a reason to avoid them.	Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
As usual, I'm overstating the case to knock a few neurons loose, but the truth is usually somewhere in the muddle, uh, middle.	Larry Wall in <199702111639.IAA28425@wall.org>
Odd that we think definitions are definitive. :-)	Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
: But for some things, Perl just isn't the optimal choice. (yet) :-)	Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
I don't like this official/unofficial distinction. It sound, er, officious.	Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
If you write something wrong enough, I'll be glad to make up a new witticism just for you.	Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
Perl 5 introduced everything else, including the ability to introduce everything else.	Larry Wall in <199702252152.NAA28845@wall.org>
So far we've managed to avoid turning Perl into APL. :-)	Larry Wall in <199702251904.LAA28261@wall.org>
Not that I have anything much against redundancy. But I said that already.	Larry Wall in <199702271735.JAA04048@wall.org>
They can always run stderr through uniq. :-)	Larry Wall in <199704012331.PAA16535@wall.org>
I'd put my money where my mouth is, but my mouth keeps moving.	Larry Wall in <199704051723.JAA28035@wall.org>
Of course, I reserve the right to make wholly stupid changes to Perl if I think they improve the language. :-)	Larry Wall in <199704251604.JAA27300@wall.org>
Call me bored, but don't call me boring.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
I think $[ is more like a coelacanth than a mastadon.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
: I used to think that this was just another demonstration of Larry's : enormous skill at pulling off what other people would fail or balk at. Well, everyone else knew it was impossible, so they didn't try. :-)	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
We question most of the mantras around here periodically, in case you hadn't noticed. :-)	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
(Presuming for the sake of argument that it's even *possible* to design better code in Perl than in C. :-)	Larry Wall on core code vs. module code design
: The hierarchy is excessive. So is the anarchy. :-)	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
That could certainly be done, but I don't want to fall into the Forth trap, where every running Forth implementation is really a different language.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
Tcl long ago fell into the Forth trap, and is now trying desperately to extricate itself (with some help from Sun's marketing department).	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
The core is not frozen, but slushy.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
The whole intent of Perl 5's module system was to encourage the growth of Perl culture rather than the Perl core.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
Randal can write one-liners again. Everyone is happy, and peace spreads over the whole Earth.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
Life gets boring, someone invents another necessity, and once again we turn the crank on the screwjack of progress hoping that nobody gets screwed.	Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
No prisoner's dilemma here. Over the long term, symbiosis is more useful than parasitism. More fun, too. Ask any mitochondria.	Larry Wall in <199705102042.NAA00851@wall.org>
Obviously I was either onto something, or on something.	Larry Wall on the creation of Perl
It's the Magic that counts.	Larry Wall on Perl's apparent ugliness
May you do Good Magic with Perl.	Larry Wall's blessing
P.S. Perl's master plan (or what passes for one) is to take over the world like English did. Er, *as* English did...	Larry Wall in <199705201832.LAA28393@wall.org>
You can prove anything by mentioning another computer language. :-)	Larry Wall in <199706242038.NAA29853@wall.org>
I think you didn't get a reply because you used the terms "correct" and "proper", neither of which has much meaning in Perl culture. :-)	Larry Wall in <199706251602.JAA01786@wall.org>
I'm sure a mathematician would claim that 0 and 1 are both very interesting numbers. :-)	Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
True, it returns "" for false, but "" is an even more interesting number than 0.	Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
Any false value is gonna be fairly boring in Perl, mathematicians notwithstanding.	Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
We didn't put in ^^ because then we'd have to keep telling people what it means, and then we'd have to keep telling them why it doesn't short circuit. :-/	Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
Anybody want a binary telemetry frame editor written in Perl?	Larry Wall in <199708012226.PAA22015@wall.org>
Most places distinguish them merely by using the appropriate value. Hooray for context...	Larry Wall in <199708040319.UAA16213@wall.org>
But then it's a bit odd to think that declaring something int could actually slow down the program, if it ended up forcing more conversions back to string.	Larry Wall in <199708040319.UAA16213@wall.org>
It's possible that I'm just an idiot, and don't recognize a sleepy slavemaster when I see one.	Larry Wall in <199708040319.UAA16213@wall.org>
Perhaps I'm missing the gene for making enemies. :-)	Larry Wall in <199708040319.UAA16213@wall.org>
Perl has a long tradition of working around compilers.	Larry Wall in <199708252256.PAA00105@wall.org>
Personally, I like to defiantly split my infinitives. :-)	Larry Wall in <199708271551.IAA10211@wall.org>
Real theology is always rather shocking to people who already think they know what they think. I'm still shocked myself. :-)	Larry Wall in <199708261932.MAA05218@wall.org>
But maybe we don't really need that...	Larry Wall in <199709011851.LAA07101@wall.org>
The computer should be doing the hard work. That's what it's paid to do, after all.	Larry Wall in <199709012312.QAA08121@wall.org>
The following two statements are usually both true: There's not enough documentation. There's too much documentation.	Larry Wall in <199709020026.RAA08431@wall.org>
I don't think I'm gonna agree with that. Way too much visual confusion...	Larry Wall in <199709021627.JAA11966@wall.org>
There's certainly precedent for that already too. (Not claiming it's *good* precedent, mind you. :-)	Larry Wall in <199709021744.KAA12428@wall.org>
Of course, this being Perl, we could always take both approaches. :-)	Larry Wall in <199709021744.KAA12428@wall.org>
For the run-time caching, I was going to suggest "cached" (doh!), but perhaps "once" is more meaningful to ordinary people.	Larry Wall in <199709021812.LAA12571@wall.org>
The random quantum fluctuations of my brain are historical accidents that happen to have decided that the concepts of dynamic scoping and lexical scoping are orthogonal and should remain that way.	Larry Wall in <199709021854.LAA12794@wall.org>
At many levels, Perl is a "diagonal" language.	Larry Wall in <199709021854.LAA12794@wall.org>
I'm serious about thinking through all the possibilities before we settle on anything. All things have the advantages of their disadvantages, and vice versa.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
Part of language design is purturbing the proposed feature in various directions to see how it might generalize in the future.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
Sometimes we choose the generalization. Sometimes we don't.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
I wouldn't ever write the full sentence myself, but then, I never use goto either.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
It's appositival, if it's there. And it doesn't have to be there. And it's really obvious that it's there when it's there.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
Oh, get ahold of yourself. Nobody's proposing that we parse English.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
As with all the other proposals, it's basically just a list of words. You can deal with that... :-)	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
I hope I'm not getting so famous that I can't think out load [sic] anymore.	Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
It would be possible to optimize some forms of goto, but I haven't bothered.	Larry Wall in <199709041935.MAA27136@wall.org>
A "goto" in Perl falls into the category of hard things that should be possible, not easy things that should be easy.	Larry Wall in <199709041935.MAA27136@wall.org>
How do Crays and Alphas handle the POSIX problem?	Larry Wall in <199709050042.RAA29379@wall.org>
One of the reasons Perl is faster than certain other unnamed interpreted languages is that it binds variable names to a particular package (or scope) at compile time rather than at run time.	Larry Wall in <199709050035.RAA29328@wall.org>
Well, that's more-or-less what I was saying, though obviously addition is a little more cosmic than the bitwise operators.	Larry Wall in <199709051808.LAA01780@wall.org>
You tell it that it's indicative by appending $!. That's why we made $! such a short variable name, after all. :-)	Larry Wall in <199709081801.LAA20629@wall.org>
The choice of approaches could be made the responsibility of the programmer.	Larry Wall in <199709081901.MAA20863@wall.org>
As someone pointed out, you could have an attribute that says "optimize the heck out of this routine", and your definition of heck would be a parameter to the optimizer.	Larry Wall in <199709081854.LAA20830@wall.org>
I guess what I'm saying is that the croak in question is requiring agreement (in the linguistic sense) that isn't buying us anything.	Larry Wall in <199709241628.JAA08908@wall.org>
If you're going to define a shortcut, then make it the base [sic] darn shortcut you can.	Larry Wall in <199709241628.JAA08908@wall.org>
It is my job in life to travel all roads, so that some may take the road less travelled, and others the road more travelled, and all have a pleasant day.	Larry Wall in <199709241628.JAA08908@wall.org>
It's getting harder and harder to think out loud. One of these days someone's gonna go off and kill Thomas a'Becket for me...	Larry Wall in <199709242015.NAA10312@wall.org>
I was about to say, "Avoid fame like the plague," but you know, they can cure the plague with penicillin these days.	Larry Wall in <199709242015.NAA10312@wall.org>
But the possibility of abuse may be a good reason for leaving capabilities out of other computer languages, it's not a good reason for leaving capabilities out of Perl.	Larry Wall in <199709251614.JAA15718@wall.org>
Oh, wait, that was Randal...nevermind...	Larry Wall in <199709261754.KAA23761@wall.org>
:-) your own self.	Larry Wall in <199709261754.KAA23761@wall.org>
P.S. I suppose I really should be nicer to people today, considering I'll be singing in Billy Graham's choir tonight... :-)	Larry Wall in <199709261754.KAA23761@wall.org>
Magically turning people's old scalar contexts into list contexts is a recipe for several kinds of disaster.	Larry Wall in <199709291631.JAA08648@wall.org>
: The following (relative to AutoSplit 1.03) attempts to please everyone : and perhaps pleases no one: I think that's way cool.	Larry Wall in <199709292015.NAA09627@wall.org>
And we can always supply them with a program that makes identical files into links to a single file.	Larry Wall in <199709292012.NAA09616@wall.org>
I wasn't recommending that we make the links for them, only provide them with the tools to do so if they want to take the gamble (or the gambol).	Larry Wall in <199709292259.PAA10407@wall.org>
This has been planned for some time. I guess we'll just have to find someone with an exceptionally round tuit.	Larry Wall in <199709302338.QAA17037@wall.org>
switch (ref $@) { OverflowError => warn "Dam needs to be drained"; DomainError => warn "King needs to be trained"; NuclearWarError => die; }	Larry Wall in <199709302338.QAA17037@wall.org>
I surely do hope that's a syntax error.	Larry Wall in <199710011752.KAA21624@wall.org>
Soitainly. I was assuming that came with the OO-ness of it.	Larry Wall in <199710011802.LAA21692@wall.org>
Because the demand for it is low enough that it would be best handled as an XSUB, and the demand for it is low enough that nobody has bothered to write it as an XSUB.	Larry Wall on in-place Perl sorting
But that looks a little too much like a declaration for my tastes, when in fact it isn't one. So forget I mentioned it.	Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
I'm not sure whether that's actually useful...	Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
Anyway, my money is still on use strict vars . . .	Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
By rule #1, 5.005 should always allow localization of lexical @_ . . .	Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
I *know* it's weird, but strict vars already comes very, very close to partitioning the crowd into those who can deal with local lexicals and those who can't.	Larry Wall in <199710050130.SAA04762@wall.org>
If you remove stricture from a large Perl program currently, you're just installing delayed bugs, whereas with this feature, you're installing an instant bug that's easily fixed. Whoopee.	Larry Wall in <199710050130.SAA04762@wall.org>
The reason I like hitching a ride on strict vars is that it cuts down the number of rarely used pragmas people have to remember, yet provides a way to get to the point where we might, just maybe, someday, make local lexicals the default for everyone, without having useless pragmas wandering around various programs, or using up another bit in $^H.	Larry Wall in <199710050130.SAA04762@wall.org>
I don't think it's worth washing hogs over.	Larry Wall in <199710060253.TAA09723@wall.org>
It's certainly easy to calculate the average attendance for Perl conferences.	Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
Tcl tends to get ported to weird places like routers.	Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
Historically Tcl has always stored all intermediate results as strings. (With 8.0 they're rethinking that. Of course, Perl rethought that from the start.)	Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
I knew I'd hate COBOL the moment I saw they'd used "perform" instead of "do".	Larry Wall on a not-so-popular programming language
Just don't make the '9' format pack/unpack numbers... :-)	Larry Wall in <199710091434.HAA00838@wall.org>
I think that's easier to read. Pardon me. Less difficult to read.	Larry Wall in <199710120226.TAA06867@wall.org>
That wouldn't be good enough.	Larry Wall in <199710131621.JAA14907@wall.org>
To ordinary folks, conversion is not always automatic. It's something that may or may not require explicit assistance. See Billy Graham. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710141738.KAA22289@wall.org>
The prayer of serenity applies here. To both of us. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710141802.LAA22443@wall.org>
Well, you can implement a Perl peek() with unpack('P',...). Once you have that, there's only security through obscurity. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710161537.IAA07828@wall.org>
It may be possible to get this condition from within Perl if a signal handler runs at just the wrong moment. Another point for Chip... :-)	Larry Wall in <199710161546.IAA07885@wall.org>
As pointed out in a followup, Real Perl Programmers prefer things to be visually distinct.	Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
The Harvard Law states: Under controlled conditions of light, temperature, humidity, and nutrition, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.	Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
That should probably be written: no !@#$%^&*:@!semicolon	Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
That gets us out of deciding how to spell Reg[eE]xp?|RE . . . Of course, then we have to decide what ref $re returns... :-)	Larry Wall in <199710171838.LAA24968@wall.org>
Depends on how you define "always". :-)	Larry Wall in <199710211647.JAA17957@wall.org>
'Course, that doesn't work when 'a' contains parentheses.	Larry Wall in <199710211647.JAA17957@wall.org>
I was trying not to mention backtracking. Which, of course, means that yours is "righter" than mine, in a theoretical sense.	Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
Not that I'm against sneaking some notions into people's heads upon occasion. (Or blasting them in outright.)	Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
(To the extent that anyone but a Prolog programmer can understand \X totally. (And to the extent that a Prolog programmer can understand "cut". :-))	Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
But you'll notice Perl has a goto.	Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
Suppose you're working on an optimizer to render \X unnecessary (or rather, redundant, which isn't the same thing in my book).	Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
Wow, I'm being shot at from both sides. That means I *must* be right. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710211959.MAA18990@wall.org>
You don't have to wait--you can have it in 5.004_54 or so. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710221740.KAA24455@wall.org>
There's something to be said for returning the whole syntax tree.	Larry Wall in <199710221833.LAA24741@wall.org>
It's not really a rule--it's more like a trend.	Larry Wall in <199710221721.KAA24321@wall.org>
Double *sigh*. _04 is going onto thousands of CDs even as we speak, so to speak.	Larry Wall in <199710221718.KAA24299@wall.org>
The code also assumes that it's difficult to misspell "a" or "b". :-)	Larry Wall in <199710221731.KAA24396@wall.org>
Well, hey, let's just make everything into a closure, and then we'll have our general garbage collector, installed by "use less memory".	Larry Wall in <199710221744.KAA24484@wall.org>
No, that'd be silly.	Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
People who understand context would be steamed to have someone else dictating how they can call it.	Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
For the sake of argument I'll ignore all your fighting words.	Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
Think of prototypes as a funny markup language--the interpretation is left up to the rendering engine.	Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
Either approach may give birth to various sorts of monstrosities.	Larry Wall in <199710221950.MAA25210@wall.org>
The way these things go, there are probably 6 or 8 kludgey ways to do it, and a better way that involves rethinking something that hasn't been rethunk yet.	Larry Wall in <199710221859.LAA24889@wall.org>
Obviously your filters are throwing away mail from Randal. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
Beauty? What's that?	Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
Oh yeah. Forgot about those. Getting senile, I guess...	Larry Wall in <199710261551.HAA17791@wall.org>
'Course, I haven't weighed in yet. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710281816.KAA29614@wall.org>
I'm afraid my gut level reaction is basically, "'proceed' is cute, but cute doesn't cut it in the emergency room."	Larry Wall in <199710281816.KAA29614@wall.org>
I suppose one could claim that an undocumented feature has no semantics. :-(	Larry Wall in <199710290036.QAA01818@wall.org>
: How would you disambiguate these situations? By shooting the person who did the latter.	Larry Wall in <199710290235.SAA02444@wall.org>
Yes, we have consensus that we need 64 bit support. :-)	Larry Wall in <199710291922.LAA07101@wall.org>
: - cut in regexps I don't think we reached consensus on that. We're still backtracking...	Larry Wall in <199710291922.LAA07101@wall.org>
Maybe it's time to break that.	Larry Wall in <199710311718.JAA19082@wall.org>
Boss: You forgot to assign the result of your map! Hacker: Dang, I'm always forgetting my assignations... Boss: And what's that "goto" doing there?!? Hacker: Er, I guess my finger slipped when I was typing "getservbyport"... Boss: Ah well, accidents will happen. Maybe we should have picked APL.	Larry Wall in <199710311732.JAA19169@wall.org>
Perhaps they will have to outlaw sending random lists of words. fee fie foe foo [sic]	Larry Wall in <199710311916.LAA19760@wall.org>
Hey, if pi == 3, and three == 0, does that make pi == 0? :-)	Larry Wall in <199711011926.LAA25557@wall.org>
I think you're letting your knowledge of internals interfere with your linguistic judgement here.	Larry Wall in <199711011949.LAA25651@wall.org>
(Never thought I'd be telling Malcolm and Ilya the same thing... :-)	Larry Wall in <199711071819.KAA29909@wall.org>
And other operators aren't so special syntactically, but weird in other ways, like "scalar", and "goto".	Larry Wall in <199711071749.JAA29751@wall.org>
Portability should be the default.	Larry Wall in <199711072201.OAA01123@wall.org>
Actually, it also looks like we should optimize (13,2,42,8,'hike') into a pp_padav copy as well.	Larry Wall in <199711081945.LAA06315@wall.org>
If this were Ada, I suppose we'd just constant fold 1/0 into die "Illegal division by zero"	Larry Wall in <199711100226.SAA12549@wall.org>
Are you perchance running on a 64-bit machine?	Larry Wall in <199711102149.NAA16878@wall.org>
Almost nothing in Perl serves a single purpose.	Larry Wall in <199712040054.QAA13811@wall.org>
There's some entertainment value in watching people juggle nitroglycerin.	Larry Wall in <199712041747.JAA18908@wall.org>
Reserve your abuse for your true friends.	Larry Wall in <199712041852.KAA19364@wall.org>
Er, Tom, I hate to be the one to point this out, but your fix list is starting to resemble a feature list. You must be human or something.	Larry Wall in <199801081824.KAA29602@wall.org>
It's hard to tune heavily tuned code. :-)	Larry Wall in <199801141725.JAA07555@wall.org>
Perl will always provide the null.	Larry Wall in <199801151818.KAA14538@wall.org>
It's easy to solve the halting problem with a shotgun. :-)	Larry Wall in <199801151836.KAA14656@wall.org>
Well, I think Perl should run faster than C. :-)	Larry Wall in <199801200306.TAA11638@wall.org>
To Perl, or not to Perl, that is the kvetching.	Larry Wall in <199801200310.TAA11670@wall.org>
"If a feature is sometimes dangerous, and there is a better option, then always use the better option."	Douglas Crockford, author of JavaScript: The Good Parts
"There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies."	C.A.R. Hoare, The 1980 ACM Turing Award Lecture
"Sometimes, the elegant implementation is just a function. Not a method. Not a class. Not a framework. Just a function."	John Carmack, creator of DOOM (https://twitter.com/ID_AA_Carmack/status/53512300451201024)
"Gear is the ultimate procrastination."	Max Joseph, filmmaker
"A monad is a monoid in the category of endofunctors, what's the problem?"	James Iry, fictionally quoting Philip Wadler, paraphrasing Saunders Mac Lane, co-founder of category theory.
"All told, a monad in X is just a monoid in the category of endofunctors of X, with product × replaced by composition of endofunctors and unit set by the identity endofunctor."	Saunders Mac Lane, co-founder of category theory
"She was the first machine man built that assisted the power of his brain instead of the strength of his arm."	Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper, speaking about the Mark I
"…what was really required was a description of the data and a statement of the relationships between the data sets. … We must state relationships, not procedures."	Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper, speaking of The Language Structures Group
"[The Analytical Engine] might act upon other things besides number, were objects found whose mutual fundamental relations could be expressed by those of the abstract science of operations … the engine might compose elaborate and scientific pieces of music of any degree of complexity or extent."	Ada Lovelace, 1842
"Software during the early days … was regarded as an art and as magic, not a science. I had always believed that both art and science were involved in its creation, but at that time most thought otherwise. … thus I began to use the term “software engineering” … It was an ongoing joke for a long time."	Margaret Hamilton, Director of Apollo Flight Computer Programming: https://medium.com/@verne/margaret-hamilton-the-engineer-who-took-the-apollo-to-the-moon-7d550c73d3fa
"So what I said in that talk was: When we define a subtype, it ought to have the same behavior as the supertype, as far as anybody using it could tell. A very simple idea, but nobody had said that before. This is known now as the Liskov Substitution Principle—it developed a life of its own! [laughs.]"	Barbara Liskov, computer scientist, on OOPSLA (1987): http://ethw.org/Oral-History:Barbara_Liskov_(2001)
"When my students leave, I mourn."	Barbara Liskov, computer scientist: http://ethw.org/Oral-History:Barbara_Liskov_(2001)
"From then on, when anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it."	Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper, on the extraction of a moth from the Mark II
"Granted that the actual mechanism is unerring in its processes, the cards may give it wrong orders."	Ada Lovelace
"The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question, it's to post the wrong answer."	attributed to Ward Cunningham, quoted as Cunningham's Law
"Some people prefer not to commingle the functional, lambda-calculus part of a language with the parts that do side effects. It seems they believe in the separation of Church and State."	Guy Steele, coauthor of the Lambda Papers.
"Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute."	Hal Abelson, SICP
"Functional programmer: (noun) One who names variables 'x', names functions 'f', and names code patterns 'zygohistomorphic prepromorphism'"	James Iry
"The most depressing thing about life as a programmer, I think, is if you’re faced with a chunk of code that either someone else wrote or, worse still, you wrote yourself but no longer dare to modify. That’s depressing."	Simon Peyton Jones
"The explicit teaching of thinking is no trivial task, but who said that the teaching of programming is? In our terminology, the more explicitly thinking is taught, the more of a scientist the programmer will become."	Edsger Dijkstra
"A parser for things / Is a function from strings / To lists of pairs / Of things and strings"	Fritz Ruehr
"Every good idea will be discovered twice: once by a logician and once by a computer scientist."	Philip Wadler
"The functional programmer sounds rather like a mediæval monk, denying himself the pleasures of life in the hope that it will make him virtuous."	John Hughes, Why Functional Programming Matters
"It is not only not right, it is not even wrong."	apocryphal, attributed to Wolfgang Pauli
"Precision diminishes the likelihood of truth, but often increases the pragmatic value of a belief if it is true."	Bertrand Russell
